 improve the game improve the game interesting and good A very interesting game.  One thing I was not sure about from the beginning ( and I may have just misread) was whether or not the 100 clicks was for one single game or spread out over all three."At first I was a bit confused as to how it worked, but then I started to figure it out. I think it is an interesting game, and a nice break from the usual surveys that I do. "Boringboring task"Boring, it lasted too long and there wasn't much strategy to it so it wasn't interactive you just keep clicking one button."boring.commentsDelays (or need to wait) were a little annoying.depend on luck"During Round One, I kept getting error messages, which I did not think was fair. "easy taskEDGREverything worked fine.Fascinating.  I was having a lag which did make things a bit slow moving.Fix game 3Fun but somewhat random.Fun exercise!"fun game, thank you!"Fun game!Fun game! Thank you!Fun game.  Ended up being much harder than I thought.Fun game.  I would love to do more of them.  "Fun HIT, thanks!"Fun little experiment game. Fun study thanks for letting me participate!Fun!Fun! Maybe give amount of bonus earned.Game is very interesting but hundred clicks is very long.Game was interesting...challenges our abilities.Game was very difficult.Good game but the first game was discouraging. I don't think there is anything that can be done to improve the game.great game i liked how it was challenging Had funhard game"I did enjoy it, wish it went better. Good luck with your study."I did not like it.  I didn't think the counter was completely accurate.  In all games I counted and came up with a lower than 100 number of clicks.  It was fun too.I don't have any additional comments. Thank you"I don't know if it will actually show up for your records but after I had finished the 10 choice trial game, and then the three default games with scores of 212, 227, 382 (I am questioning my memory of the first one, so I may be off but I know it was in the 200's, after that I wrote it down so I could remember) I hit the button to go to the next page, which would have been this survey section but rather than going on to the next page it simply went to another page telling me to play a game and so I thought that perhaps it screwed up and I had to redo it or something, in which I got something ridiculous like 19 points or something. I don't know what caused the error, or if it will mess anything up, so I simply wanted to warn you that it happened so that you don't give me an aditional 19 points worth of bonus pay. Thank you very much for letting me take part in this experiment, I truly wish that I could see the results and know what all you end up learning from the data! If in the future you allow us to enter in our email to learn the results, or hear about future studies, I would absolutely love that! Best of luck!""I don't know if you'll ask about technical issues later on, but Game 2 was way messed up (numbers wouldn't show up) but it still seemed to work?""I don't think there should be a rule or strategy in any game because it is only game in random environment.  During taking this survey, I tried earning as many points as possible; however, the results are not something that I wanted or I intended to get.  Anyway I enjoyed the game and it was interesting.  At least I earned some positive points in average through the three games.  Thank you."I enjoyed participating in this task. Thank you.I enjoyed the game but I think it was a little difficult but would love to play this game again.I felt this game is really enjoyable.I found it difficult to score.I found it interesting on the thought process I used to choose the boxes and how quickly it changed once I had several clicks of bad points.I found it very interesting.  Everything ran smoothly.I found it very interesting. I would love to know how the majority of players decided!"I found the game to be very interesting and engaging. It took some work for me to find a good strategy, but when i did, i stuck with it. It was not impossibly hard. "I found this task unique and interesting. Thank you.I found this to be a fun and interesting game.  I would have liked to be able to click a little faster.  There seemed to be some lag between my choice and my ability to make the next choice.  I guess make the pattern a little more clear.i had fun with this experimentI have nothing. I liked it but probably because it seemed easy. Maybe I missed something.I liked it just fine.  There were a lot of boxes but it was fast-paced.i liked it--i thought it was well conceived.I liked it."I liked the game. I thought it was interesting. I like games of thinking and strategy rather than speed. I thought the interface worked very well also, and kept up with my clicking. I can't think of an improvement.""I liked this game. I feel it could have paid better for the length of time, but it wasn't too bad"I loved completing this HIT.I really enjoyed this game. Really this past half an hour I forgot my surroundings and I completely involved in this game. Very engaging process."I started to wonder if maybe the box that had more negative numbers had some really good numbers that I just wasn't pulling. For example maybe it had lots of negative numbers but it also had one that was +100 to make up for that. In the long run though, I thought the box I did choose with lots of positive numbers would pay off better than testing my theory and seeing if there were big numbers in the negative box."I think it was fun! Thank you!I think it was interesting and pretty fun!I think it was interesting enough as is."I think the instructions could be a lot more clear. Even with the demonstration test, I really didn't understand what I was supposed to do. I ended up just randomly clicking on boxes, and hoping for the best. "I think you should explain the game better. "I thought it was a fun game. It could get frustrating at times, like any other game I suppose. "I thought it was actually kind of fun! This was an interesting study"I thought it was fairly interesting!  I think it could be more obvious as to what the previous reward was, like an area that displays the last reward until the next one is received."I thought it was frustrating - I was looking for patterns and couldn't see any.I thought it was fun to try to find the box that would give a net positive to earn the most points possible.I thought it was fun!I thought it was interesting and a bit fun.  It was clear and straightforward.I thought it was interesting and I really appreciated getting the bonus round.  I thought it was interesting and somewhat fun.  It could have run a little smoother--that would have made it better and more enjoyable.  But overall I liked it."I thought it was interesting, it shows how committed a person can be to their beliefs in a smaller scale, trusting in yourself and sticking with your instinct usually lands you in a better position."I thought it was interesting. I didn't feel that there was value in trying new things."I thought it was interesting. I would have liked a more thorough explanation in the instruction phase of how the box values worked, for I found that a bit difficult to follow. Having a reference to those instructions during gameplay would also have offered a sense of security as well.""I thought it was interesting. It took me some time to get a feel for it, but once I did I felt like I was doing better. I can't think of anything that would improve the game. ""I thought it was kind of fun, and it was very easy to play.""I thought it was very fun, although you may wish to disclose how the bonus will be paid so that people know they are getting a matter of cents, or a fraction, or etc. My game 2 did not work and I will message about this in more detail. Thank you!""I thought it was very interesting in trying to determine which boxes gave the biggest outcome consistently, and finding a great point amount was a great feeling.""I thought it was very interesting. I can't think of much improvement but maybe having the option to click on the same box automatically. It would save me a few hundred clicks. Not a major gripe, but overall I found the game and study enjoyable."I thought that game was interesting.I thought the game was interesting."I thought the game was interesting. I felt positively about it, however, this was most likely due to a positive point outcome."I thought the game was very interesting. I don't think the game needs to be improved.I thought the negative points earned greatly outweighed the positive earned points earned.I thought the survey was a lot of fun."I thought the task was interesting, especially trying to figure out which boxes were better or more consistent with the positive values."I thought this game could be quite frustrating."I thought this was a lot of fun, and was very unique and interesting. Enjoyed this HIT!"I thought this was fun & interesting."I thought this was very interesting,and I really enjoyed it.""I was anxious while playing this, lol. "I wish it was faster to clickI would describe it as frustrating."If there was more of a visible pattern in the numbers on the cards, you would be more successful in maintaining positive points."Impossible to get on the plus sidein this survey is very interesting InterestingInterestinginterestinginterestinginterestinginterestingINTERESTINGInteresting Interesting but became a little tediousInteresting gameinteresting gameInteresting game and I would have needed a couple more attempts to figure it out.Interesting game somewhat i can make plans to earn pointsInteresting game to play. If we shift from box to box it will be difficult to conclude and more confusing which box will give best points. So I tried to simply fix a box. "Interesting game, but frustrating."Interesting game!interesting game.Interesting game.Interesting game.Interesting studyinteresting task"Interesting, but it seems arbitrary, like there's no real way to win.""Interesting, but it's hard to get positive amount of points.""INTERESTING, COULD CUT BACK FROM 100 TO 50"INTERESTING!!!interesting. Interesting.  Thank you!intersetingintrestingIrritating."It felt kinda rigged to be negative, maybe I just hit bad luck strings."It is an interesting game to play.Thank You.it is quite interestingIt seemed like an interesting game.  I somewhat enjoyed the chance of it.  It seemed that box A would give positive values more often than any other boxes. It was a somewhat interesting game. The game needs more boxes with positive values! :)"It was a bit boring once I stuck with a box because I just had to click a lot knowing that it was what it was.  If there could be an option for  finish all this round's clicks on this box automatically  that would be cool, though probably skew results and everything loaded quickly so it wasn't like it was a big deal."It was a bit frustrating.It was a bit interesting. Nothing to write home about but a slightly fun survey for MTurk.it was a interesting game but most of the time i have no clue which box to select most of the time i selected a random box we can make this game more interesting by giving some kind of clue and we can make the game more interesting it is like a treasure huntIt was a little boring clicking 100 timesIt was a lot of fun! I loved it! ;-)It was an interesting game i feel good . thank youIt was an interesting game.It was boring. I'm glad there was no page demanding detailed answers to the game rules. I'm glad using the  Look  button was optional.It was definitely interesting.it was different...never done anything like this...can't compare it to anythingIt was easy enough but they pay should be a little better for the time it takes. "It was fine. Not super fun, but not bad."it was frustrating because I think it just boiled down to luck.it was funIt was funit was funit was fun thank you. made me think.It was fun to choose boxes and play the game "It was fun, only thing I found annoying was putting my Amazon ID in 3 separate times instead of just having it start the new game on the same page and shuffling the boxes."It was fun!It was fun!It was fun!It was fun. I enjoyed it as is."It was good, but It was really easy to miss playing a game if you take a break and accidentally press continue. You need to make the games go fluidly and add a code after each game so you can't accidentally continue without doing it correctly. "It was hard to find a box that did not give out a lot of negative points. A hint or two would be nice as to how to maximize your points. I was negative almost every time.It was hard to remember the instructions -- maybe include them on the game page.It was interestingit was interestingIt was interestingIt was interestingit was interestingIt was interesting it was interesting it was interesting .good taskIt was interesting and enjoyable.It was interesting and fun.It was interesting and fun.it was interesting and i haven't looked at the time but it feels a little long even for two dollarsIt was interesting and showed me how much more I would gamble if I won a lot at first then started losing.It was interesting but at the same time confusing.It was interesting but became somewhat tedious. Perhaps have a different method besides boxes in the last 2 games. it was interesting but difficult for me. It was interesting but there seemed to be more losses available than points to win. It was interesting though a little slow between clicks which may or may not be a good thing "It was interesting, and the games were a good length. Long enough to get a feel for the boxes, but not so long that it became boring.""It was interesting, and went by quickly enough.""It was interesting, I just wish I had performed better.""It was interesting, much better than most hits.""It was interesting, thanks"It was interesting!!!It was interesting.It was interesting. It was interesting. "It was interesting.  However, I had an issue with the third game, where my clicks went down three every time I clicked once and I got a red  - NaN  message.""It was interesting.  I did not know the points to cents formula.  Otherwise, I might have just started looking and not taking to protect my winnings after round 2."It was interesting.  There was enough variety of points that a few clicks really didn't tell you much -- easy to get a few good or bad ones in a row.It was interesting. 100 clicks was a lot though. Sometimes I wanted to click faster than it would allow me to do.It was interesting. I think there is a bug in the last game. A few times i clicked the number of clicks went down but no numbers showed. I did not notice if the points were added. It was interesting. It'd be nice to be able to click faster for those of us who decided to stick with a single box and ride it out.It was interesting. Thank you.It was interesting. Would certainly be an addictive game if there was no three game limit.It was kind of boring.It was kind of fun.It was kind of interesting when the points started adding up.  But I didn't know how many points were possible so it was hard to judge if I was doing well or not.  I wouldn't change it though - the mystery is good and you can decide if 300 points is good or not for yourself!"It was not entirely clear whether the same six average returns (in different boxes, of course) were used in each game.""it was pretty boring, but if it offered a higher reward the boredom wouldn't be so bad..."It was pretty fun to try and wrack up the points!It was pretty fun!It was really fun.It was really hard!"It was relatively boring, but not too bad.""It was somewhat interesting, I felt that the boxes tended to give more positives towards the end of the round but that could just be my imagination."it was very interesting what the number comes next It was very interesting. Very well-designed.It ws interesting but can not play more of it.it'd be more interesting if the amounts were more varied. I didn't see a number larger than the mid-20s.It'd help if it were possible to click faster."It's possible that I have no idea what I am talking about and the box patterns were entirely random. I am mindful of that. However, based on the results my strategy seemed to return success, whereas not following my strategy seemed to make my point total go negative.     Also, it seems like this is the end of the survey. I would really appreciate clarification as to how points are translated into a bonus payout before the survey ends. I have not seen such a message yet."its different and intrestingIts intersting but no control to play.Its intersting. Its quite interesting. Very eager to play further.kind of fun.lol I defiantly got mad at one point. But it was fun win you get some of the green. "make it faster, not worth $1"Maybe add some graphics?My 3rd game didn't appear when I clicked it; the button took me straight hereN/AN/An/anaNANicenice and interesting game.nice game studynice gaming Nice task."Nice,Thank you."NilNil nonoNononoNonononononono commentNo comment.No commentsNo commentsno commentsNo commentsno commentsNo comments.No comments. Thanks!No comments. Thanks!!No further comment.No further comments to add.No other comments"No suggestions, I like this game."no thanks it was interesting"No, thanks""No, thanks."No.No.NonenoneNonenonenoneNoneNoneNonenoneNonenonenoneNonenonenone "None, thank you."None.None.None. Nope!Not a fair game with how the randomizing of the numbers work. More negative number with higher values than the positive ones. Not interesting or boring.Not really mo Nothingnothing elsenothing else nothing else but good gameNothing else to share.Nothing further to add.nothing.. any way it is interesting..thank you.."Overall the game was challenging, although a little frustrating. I had fun playing. If this was a real game on a phone I would probably play it.""Perhaps make the clicks more instant? There was a lag in between clicks. Other than that, the game was fine as is!"Pretty fun game to play!RATHER THAN OUR STRATEGY LUCK IS ALSO A FACTORReally funny game. Thank You for giving the opportunity to participate in the survey. I'm glad to be a part.RepetitiveSeemed entirely random; could not see how any strategy could be developed. Simply said it is cheating game we cannot earn a single bonus from this"Slightly interesting, would have been more interesting if you could pay to have a peak at the box."some box have positive values somewhat boringSomewhat interestingTell how the points system works for the bonus.Thank youThank you"Thank You ,Nice game this ,I like it to play."Thank you and best wishes with your research!"Thank you for allowing me to participate, this was an interesting task and I had fun.  "Thank you for the opportunity "Thank you it was fun. Once i saw a box i liked and it gave me high numbers even if it gave some bad ones, but in the long run the high numbers out weighed the bad ones. ""Thank you, this was a lot of fun! :D"Thank you!Thank you! This game was very interesting. Thank you! This was so much fun!ThanksThanks for the interesting task!"Thanks, it was fun."Thanks!Thanks! I felt maybe it needed more color. The Box Game remains a high guessing percentage similar to playing against the house at Vegas; with some chance of success.   The clicking was slow. Faster Click time may make it easier."The clicks could go faster; I had to basically double-click each time I wanted to expend another one. Otherwise, it was fine!""The explanation of the rules is horrible. I had no idea each box had multiple different numbers in it. I thought that each box had only one number in it. In the example game, you should give people more than 10 clicks so they can learn the rules better."The game builds a little tension during the huntthe game is very interesting for me.Thanks for the survey"THE GAME KEPT ME ON MY TOES, IT WAS INTERESTING BECAUSE IT WAS DIFFERENT FOR EACH GAME"The game seem like a gamble but it was exciting.The game was aggravating - very difficult not to get upset about seeing all that  red ink ."The game was fairly interesting. I have played a variation that was slightly the same but did not show how many clicks were available and did not have a  look  option. I thought the response time for clicking the buttons was a bit slow, not sure if much could be done about that though."The game was fine.The game was interesting and challenging. Thanks!The game was interesting and fun. I liked the simple design and instructions.The game was interesting and very engaging.The game was more interesting than I thought it would be. I was fairly into it by the third game. I can't think of any changes I'd make to it."The game was pretty interesting, and made me nervous for a bit actually. I thought it was rigged (to see how that was linked to something psychological or whatever) at first because of how bad I did, but then I started doing better!"The game was tough and difficult but enjoyed the games. I tried my best to understand the strategy of the game and earned in second and third games.The game was way harder than I expectedThe instructions were clear and the game was interesting.The outcomes seemed to load very slowly."The practice game had letters as outcomes instead of numbers. That was confusing. Also, the practice game consumed 2 clicks each time I clicked. That needs to be fixed."The screen itself was boring being black and white but it wasn't awful."The time between clicks loads slow, but I assume that's because the program is recording the data."This game is interesting as well as improves the concentraionThis game is vary interesting this game all about luck .because you do not know which box have positive or negative number.I like this gameThis game seemed rigged to give a continuously lower score and was irritating.This game sucked.This game was interesting.This game was outrageous for how many negative points I received and looking did nothing. It was however a fun game to play. I just wished the negative points weren't so high. It's very difficult to get a bonus in this. This is very nice and interesting This survey was good.This survey was interesting."This was a really interesting game. I'm not sure if my strategy was the best one, but it was very cool to play. Thank you!"This was a unique and fun opportunity.  Thanks!This was actually pretty fun.  I was getting frustrated on the 3rd game because it took me much longer to find a box I found acceptable."This was an interesting experiment. The only thing that would be better is a faster reponse time to clicking, but that might be a function of the hops each participants packets have to navigate before reaching your server."This was fun. I haven't done a game like it before.This was great! I love numbers and patterns so this was really fun. Best HIT I've done in a long time. It actually worked well which I also appreciated. There were no errors or delays. "This was interesting and kept my attention. I had fun, thank you!"This was really enjoyable. This was really fun!"This was really interesting, albeit a little frustrating. Everything ran smoothly, though. Thank you!"This was very interesting and I enjoyed it. I would play this game for recreation. "This was very interesting for me. I wish I could have played more games. I think I would have played another game or two even if I wasn't earning an actual bonus anymore. Yeah, this was fun."This was very interesting hit to do. Though the game is interesting I feel it is hard to find the pattern of numbers in the boxes.Thought it was very interesting.Very difficult to earn points.Very fun game trying to obtain a strategy. I don't know if I actually did but I think I scored pretty goodVery fun. I wish I had more chances to work on my strategies. It was fun trying to figure out a pattern.VERY GOOD SURVEY TO PLAYvery hard to get +'s. got boring after a while. Less clicks and more +'s.very intelligencyvery interestingvery interestingVERY INTERESTING very interesting Very interesting game i will be very happyVery interesting task.very interesting the game.Very interesting!Very interesting. I enjoyed it alot. Very interesting. I like this very much.Very interesting. It was fun for the most part but frustrating at times. Very interesting. Tough at first. Then I got it.Very long.Very nice to working on this game.Very upset!!!!Was an interesting game. Wouldn't have minded a couple of more rounds.Was interesting but difficult."We were told a box would have a higher average, so it makes no sense to switch boxes willy nilly."weird"Well, you stated at the beginning that the boxes don't change, they just move, so it's better to figure out where the  best  box is and commit.    Advise at the beginning that it's okay to use a strategy if you like; some  games  like this don't want you to think they just want you to react, and using a strategy can get your work rejected."Yes it was interesting. 