id	reason1	"Tried to balance or qualify the facts and hearsay each story provided. To some extent, it seemed I was forced to accept as wholly true what another heard of a mutual acquaintance as true. The best available option in answering questions was one which remained after the others were easily dismissed for things such as stating the subject was a member of the same organization, when, according to the story, it wasn't necessarily the same organization."2	3	"I read carefully, and the only thing I have to go by is tyhe opionoin of others, so thats what I had to base judgements"4	I based my judgements on what little knowledge I was given of the people. There is a 50/50 chance they can be good or bad. I can't say for sure until they prove to me good or bad.5	I tried to judge the odds that a person I didn't know would perform the immoral action considering they weren't related to the person who did the immoral action in the story. 6	7	8	"Based on the context and what was at stake-- I feel like matters of business/work are more measurable/tangible via peer discussion / group speak than other, more subjective/social matters. "9	gut reaction10	11	"Just based on the morality of it all. If they do something horrible, I acted as such, but they were all noble."12	13	All the situations were very similar but for some reason I didn't trust the people as much in some situation as I did the others.14	15	I imagined myself in the scenarios and used my personal experiences to form my opinions.16	"I made my judgments based upon how strongly I felt about the situations and how I felt about the gossip factor of the information with which I was presented. For example, I don't generally engage in gossiping, but if I found out important information about someone through a piece of gossip, then I wouldn't disregard it. However, I would also keep in mind the person who shared the information and whether or not they had a personal vendetta against the person being gossiped about."17	All the characters I was asked to make judgements about had little to do with the stories presented. I could not make any sort of reliable judgement about them.18	based on their disapproval 19	I based my judgments on their reputations as heard from others20	21	I based it on the things I was told about each person.22	"Based on the fact that both of the people on my team demonstrated (vouched for or showed disapproval for poor behavior) similarly held beliefs to my own, I would pretty much trust them equally. But since my knowledge about them is limited, I can't give them the highest or the lowest marks. "23	I took the information I was given at face value and made judgments with the assumption that the facts in the stories were true.24	"I made my judgements based on whether I found the decision, that the member of my group made, ethical. "25	Based upon previous behaviors of the example people.26	"I based my judgements on the person's reaction, and how subjective or objective that reaction was.  For example, there was no disapproval of failing to meet the business deadline; it was simply a stated fact.  However, there was great disapproval stated with regard to cheating in a relationship; likely a projection of self-imposed beliefs. "27	28	I read them and answered truthfully.29	"I felt like I didn't know enough about the person, so I just made a neutral judgement."30	31	I thought I didn't know enough about the people and generally put them about middle32	33	"The scenarios were generally the same but some issues are more objective (cheating in sports, tests) than others. Relationships and work are fairly private and life changing, so people should be more careful gossiping about thsoe topics."34	"Having limited options in the answer categories, I felt forced to make the leap between having heard somebody had done something to having accepted they had done it as fact. The other available options would completely dissociate the person with the action so I picked the one that was closest to what I would have actually thought, even though the likelihood that the gossip was true was small. "35	I made my judgments based on the statements and feelings expressed by the characters in the various scenarios.36	"Whilst each scenario basically described the same situation, the context conjured up distinct stereotypical images in my mind of what the people being described were like, ans so I based my ratings on the gut feelings I had about the stereotypes I was holding in my mind. I found that I naturally had different assumptions about a walker as against a business partner, for example."37	"In each scenario, I didn't know enough about any character to make any sort of decision really.  I answered them all down the middle.  Each scenario involved a lack of direct knowledge and hearsay.  "38	"I didn't know much at all about the people I was asked trust-related questions about, so I felt very neutral."39	I based my judgments on the previous information I was given about each of the people.40	"I was taking into account the situation, if it was work or a social setting. The fact that I don't trust people too much also had to do with my answers."41	42	"Imagining myself in the position, having the conversations, and evaluating the contexts of the judgments. Plus a good helping of gut instinct based on human nature."43	"For the most part, I based them upon my own experiences with people. I think people are generally trustworthy, and I give strangers a small amount of trust when I meet them, in order to facilitate more healthy interpersonal relationships. I judged the likeliness of people to make dishonest decisions upon my personal perceptions of the situations."44	I made my judgements based on the context it was taken. I made decisions depending on how morally wrong I thought the topics were.45	"I had no useful information on the person I was being asked about, so I guessed."46	I simply used my own moral compass as a guide to judge others. 47	48	I try to be fair and trusting towards those I know nothing about.49	I just went with my gut feelings for these people that I know nothing about.50	I read the stories and responded appropriately.51	52	Based on the characters actions and behaviors.53	"I tend to trust people overall. I don't like that the ""honest"" characters in the stories were spreading rumors about other people, though."54	I could not judge the person at the last few questions on each page because I had so little information on them and more about other people mentioned. I just had to stay in between.55	56	I trusted what was being said about people.  I assumed it was someone who knew the person being discussed well enough to know whether it was true or not.57	"Just reading what the information about the people in the stories, and using basic judgement."58	"If I do not know how the persons perform e.g. as partners, and if I do not know much about the persons, then I cannnot like or dislike them.  I have to meet and maybe work with the person to make a judgment about her/his character and attributes."59	I based it off first impression type analysis and I think that people who are under the radar will act different.60	None61	"I thought there wasn't enough information to really tell if I would like someone or if they were trustworthy from one example, so I thought they were all pretty much average. Since they showed strong disapproval, they'd be less likely to do something wrong, but they could just be pretending to be disapproving."62	I listened to the gossip.63	I imagined myself in those situations and compared them to previous interactions of similar situations64	"I tried going in with the information I was provided, which was very little, so I gave everyone the benefit of the doubt, though some of the negative speculation influenced my decisions."65	Based them if i were in their position66	I just went by the information that was presented. I tried not to sway one way or the other based on what I was given.67	I was thinking while not trusting completely I would give them a chance to prove themselves.68	I made them based on  past experiences.69	Based on person's reacion and history.70	"I looked at the trust factor to see if I would trust the people in the future. Past behavior, although not always, is a good indicator of future behavior. These past behavioral patterns were strong determinants in my judgements. "71	72	"Based off of how quickly others were to gossip to me about an acquaintance of mine, they are probably people I wouldn't much care for."73	"The stories were identical, essentially. In all three of my judgments I took into account that the person informing me could not be trusted with a secret."74	I did not want to be biased toward another partner based on what was told to me by one of the partners. I remained objective.75	I judge people slightly but not entirely on what my friends say about them.76	77	Reading the available information78	79	"I generally do put full trust in gossip and hearsay. I am slightly inclined to have my judgment colored by it, but I never assume that it's 100% accurate. Generally speaking, I straddle a line of ""giving the benefit of the doubt"" and ""entirely not trusting or expecting anything""."80	"Someone who disapproves openly about immoral behavior is far less likely to engage in it, themselves"81	I just read the paragraph. all answers were there82	"I based my judgments on the little information that was given to me, such as how the characters thought about the issue and how important the issue is. For example, cheating in a relationship is a much bigger deal to me than cheating on homework."83	I judged based on the information in the story. 84	It was hard for me to do. I tried to put myself in the person's situation.85	"I could never make a judgement about the person I was asked about, so I chose the neutral answers.  The questions indicated that I gossiped with one person about another, then I was asked to make judgements about a third person that I had no information about."86	I read the scenario and answered the questions accordingly.87	I read the stories and made a judgement based upon the reading88	"I made my judgements mainly based on the subject matter, I trust someone in a relationship, because that can be difficult to do, but not cheating on a test is pretty damn simple. So it doesn't help him out much."89	90	91	92	93	"I read the stories. There was usually no strong personality qualifiers for the people.  /  / Person A allegedly didn't do a thing. I know nothing about Person B. B tells you a story about C doing a thing, and B disapproves. /  / It was hard to quantify A with so little data."94	I thoroughly read through the instructions and went with how i would feel put in that situation.95	personal opinion96	I used my critical thinking skills.97	"If the situation was very gossipy and defamitory to others, I had a bad impression and wouldnt trust them with my own information.  In the last case of the guy who failed to meet a deadline, for example, he couldn't help it maybe, something could have come up.  In the part where the guy used steriods, well that was his own decision so I looked down on it more.  "98	Personal opinion99	I just assumed they would be average100	I judged people based on their past experiences.101	Most of the judgements made were on people that i didnt have much information to judge with and so they were mostly nuetral judgements102	"I made judgments based on the fact that while I feel I can trust people in the context of the situation, it doesn't automatically mean I like them or that they won't do whatever the negative thing in question is in the future. I also didn't say I TOTALLY trusted them because it was essentially thirdhand information: I heard that someone heard or said so and so didn't do negative thing or was positive thing."103	104	"Hearing about the shortcomings of an acquaintance didn't influence my perception of the third person. Based on the situation I guessed on how much I would like a person. For example, if I was on a team then I would assume that I would trust and like my teammate."105	I tried not to let random other stuff influence my judgements106	107	"My judgments were made based on context. I view relationship faithfulness on a different scale (or level, if you will) than cheating on an exam, which I also view differently than failing to meet a critical deadline at work, etc. These situations are all those which I would wish to avoid; however, their severity is only relative in context."108	I made my judgements by comparing the fictional people to real people in my life109	"I generally don't like gossipers, but my relationship with them determines how much I'll like them overall."110	111	I think people are reasonably trustworthy and generally unlikely to take dangerous risks.112	113	114	115	"I judge by names, sadly."116	I based my judgments off of the seriousness of the situation and similar situational experiences.117	"I'll give my thinking and reasoning below, as honestly as I can. Do not take anything I say personally, it is just how my brain works. /  / 1. I am moderately sexist. I do not typically trust women as I've been burned several times in my life by them. I just can't trust them. What they say and what they do is very different. /  / 2. Performance enhancers have their uses, and it is not uncommon in extremely competitive environments. Typically anyone who displays disgust towards them would take them themselves in a heartbeat. /  / 3. People who typically gossip about other co-workers use this as a means to improve their own value to others, to appear more useful than they really are. These are typically the weak ones who want to feed on others shortcomings to look better. /  / 4. Students do not typically have an impact on each other's performance, so it doesn't matter what crap they speak about each other. If a student complains about cheaters, then he most likely doesn't cheat at all. They aren't competitive like they used to be. / "118	"I generally like to give people the benefit of the doubt and the people involved are just random acquaintances, so I like to hope they'll be decent people."119	By thinking about reactions to the other120	I know people dont always tell yo stuff like that with the intentions of hurting someone121	"I based on who was gossiping, and what they were gossiping about. Personally, I do not trust people who gossip. However, I do take into consideration the information they are gossiping about."122	i judged people based on how they acted in character building decisions123	I belive people should always be honest and do the right thing124	I imagine the scenarios as if they were to actually happen to me.125	"I based it on what I knew about the person, and tried not to let what I heard about someone else influence me.  Since I didn't know much about most of the people, I tried to remain neutral"126	I used the gossip presented to make informed decisions about my peers.127	I try to not judge people positively or negatively until I have had a chance to interact with them and form my own opinions.128	Read the article and try to make a quick judgement on character that was needed.129	"I tried to imagine myself in the situation, and just go with my gut. Also using past experiences in the different scenarios helped with the context."130	I tried to visualize myself in those scenarios. 131	Based on how i interact with other people132	I know nothing about the third person so I can't judge them.133	I based my judgements on the information I heard from the people in the stories.134	135	"My assumption was that if one expressed disapproval of another's actions, one would be unlikely to engage in such an action."136	"Most of the time I was asked to judge the person I knew nothing about and didn't even tell me anything so I had nothing to go on so I just answered int he middle. In the one where I was asked to evaluate the guy who told me about the other guy using performance enhancing drugs I decided to trust him a bit more on being on my team, but honestly who knows if he really disapproves that much of the use of that drug or will or won't use it int he future. Performance enhancing drugs use is incredibly wide spread in the USA."137	"It was a bit difficult to make judgements on only a single interaction, but I did the best I could intuitively."138	"pretty much as I normally decide if someone is trustworthy or not. It takes me awile to decide. I watch how they interact with others, and then see if they ""walk the same walk as they talk""."139	"Usually one of them seemed good, one seemed up in the air, and one seemed bad. I don't know how much I would ""like"" someone I don't know."140	I made my judgments based on being objective since I did not know the people involved well.141	based on gut instinct and if it was stated that the person in question had a good reputation142	143	"Well considering that I knew nothing about any of the people that the ratings were for, I chose like I didn't know them well enough to rate the questions good or bad.. "144	I relied on the person telling me the information about the other individual was telling me the truth.145	I made my judgments based on how I personally view myself and things I hold of value.146	147	I tried to place myself in the situation and how I would judge each person based on the information given.148	If someone disaproves of a bad action like cheating they probably would not do it themselves.149	Based on my past experience in interacting with people.150	"I made my judgments based on how it appeared each person seemed to be. If they were reliable, trustworth and faithful. I tend to go with my gut instinct however, sometimes I must go on the only detail that I have."151	152	There was really no judgement to make becasue the questions were about people who I had no additional context provided.153	I treated them as if it were real life situations and dealt with them as I would in real life. based on the information given.154	"If I know nothing about the person being talked about, I don't judge.  I don't know the whole story. "155	I paid attention to the names and who did what156	157	"I made them based on the gossip! Sad but if so-and-so said friend #1 is good, he must be and if other-guy says friend #2 is bad, he must be. Very sad."158	"I would think that if someone dissapproves of the action then they would not likely do it themselves. I would not trust people that divulged personal information about other across all contexts, but would trust them in the topic that we were talking about. "159	on personal experience. I generally trust someone until they give me reason not to160	161	I tried to inject myself into the situation and went with my gut feelings.162	163	from the heaart164	"I made my judgements based on two things. The first thing being that someone in the scenario was gossiping. I trusted them a bit less if they were gossiping. The second thing I based my judgment on was their expressing disgust. I feel if they are disgusted by something, they are more likely to not engage in that activity."165	"I tended to give people the benefit of the doubt that they would not cheat, miss deadlines, etc. even if I did not know anything about them, though I left room for uncertainty."166	It was based on the reports that were given and the kind of people that were reporting to me that showed disapproval for poor behavior.  167	By what I knew about the person168	I liked the people who had the same morals and ethics that I do.  I feel that I can trust them to be honest and trustworthy. I really liked and trusted the guy who was overheard to be faithful in his last relationship and passes his disapproval over another guy cheating on his girlfriend.  169	170	"If someone has proven to not cheat or lie in the past, I give them the benefit of the doubt that they won't do so in the future."171	"The ones I trusted were the ones I knew nothing about , the ones I distrusted were the ones who gosspied about others and most of the trust issues were based on hear say and did not come from the horses mouth so to speak "172	"Since the core questions were all about the undifferentiated member of the original group, there is no easy way to predict their future behavior, nor have value judgments about them."173	174	175	By reading the story and nature of the persons based on their past history176	I made the best choice using the information given.177	178	"I made my judgments based on the fact that the person giving the information was talking behind someone's back. Although the disapproval made me trust them more as a partner, swim team competitor etc., it didn't make me trust them more across all contexts. "179	I based my judgments on how I perceived the characteristics of the main people in the story(Ex. Katie or Steven).180	I made judgements based on the information I was provided.181	It was hard to judge because I didn't know much about them.182	very easy i just read thestories and went from there.183	based off the information and personal belief 184	185	186	"I based my judgments on real life experiences.  I played baseball in college and the a large segment of athletes use illegal substances.  This is why I don't trust the subject not to use Vitronil.  For the law classes I unfortunately have to interact with multiple lawyers and they are all a bunch of lying cheaters anyway.  I'm sure they all cheated on their take home exams.   As far as cheating goes, you either are a cheater or your not, so you just have to make a judgment call.  For the employee involved in group projects, I'm used to see a bunch of terrible co-workers so I expect that co-worker to fail like the rest."187	Based on my gut and the information provided188	by reading the story and thinking about the people in them189	190	I am not sure.  I just read the story and went with my feelings.191	I made my judgements based on who gave me the information and their credibility.192	I answered using facts from the stories.193	I just made the judgements as I would considering someone that I dont know well in my life.194	I don't care much for snitches but depending on the environment and context the person could be valuable. 195	Based on the rumors that were spread around.196	Judgements were made based on the character described in the paragraph.197	"I tend to be a little lukewarm when judging whether I like a person or would trust a person based on the information in the scenarios. All scenarios showed a little gossip, which I don't like. Also they are about team mates, co workers, etc., which I am given the impression in the scenario, that I know very little about."198	199	If a person had a reputation for being trustworthy than I  went with the flow. 200	Based on the comparisons of the people in the story to people I know in my life201	I THOUGHT ABOUT PEOPLE LIKE MOST PEOPLE DO202	I made my judgements based on the characters in the stories ethics and morals.203	Based on the information given and the situation. 204	"I assumed that if a person didn't approve of something, like cheating, that they would be less likely to do it. "205	"I made judgements based off of the information available. If someone had okay qualities and I knew of them relatively well, then I made my judgement accordingly."206	whether I felt the person was trustworthy through their actions207	I think the scenarios were all very similar. Most people were trustworthy but you would be wary dealing with someone who you heard was a cheater or slacker.208	Read each problem like a logic problem209	based on personal opinions210	people's behavior211	"I went with the information that was provided about the relevant person's moral character, and I also trusted my own intuition. "212	213	214	I tried to be unbiased. 215	"The evidence generally seemed to favor the people who had indicated negative behaviors in others.  A 3rd party had indicated that they were probably trustworthy, and they seemed to have trustworthy attitudes themselves.  Also, I felt like avoiding infidelity was more important than other things, like the issue with the performance enhancing drugs.  "216	I imagined myself in he shoes of each character and made decisions based on that perspective217	I didn't pass judgement on other people.218	219	I had to trust information I was given in that I didn't know for myself the details about each individual.220	"If I didn't have clear information that one of the people mentioned in each story had done something wrong in question, I felt I would like them.  I tend to like most people and until I know otherwise I give them the benefit of the doubt.  I am also inclined to be a very trusting person.  However, once betrayed, it is very very hard to win my trust back."221	I question people who are anxious to point out other people's shortcomings to me.  It only shows me their own flaws.  I can find out someone's shortcomings on my own without another person pointing them out to me.  If I have a question I will ask the correct person who can answer my question. 222	I thought about the behavior and why someone would tell me about it.223	"Well, the subject of the questions were pretty neutral. They weren't the ones that expressed disapproval and also weren't involved in any wrongdoing. I give people the benefit of the doubt, so my trust them accordingly. If they were the ones that expressed disapproval, then I'd say they are way less likely to do the wrongdoing in the future and if they were accused of it, way more likely, but they were just a neutral party."224	I made judgements based on being in those situations in real life or really knew those people.225	"I made my judgements based on the material that was presented to me.  For the most part, I felt as though I did not have enough evidence to be much more than mutual in my decisions."226	"I went by the statements in the scenario, and made my judgements."227	deductive reasoning228	229	I made jugements from the information presented in the text to decide how I felt.230	"The questions were about the individual who was just in a class with me, there we no information given as to what that individual did or said; so I had to be neutral about the individual you asked about. "231	232	"Based on the limited information provided, I made an intuitive judgment about the trustworthiness of each character and how he or she would act.; "233	"It was tough, because I would like to believe people are honest, but telling stories of others downsides makes it hard to trust them."234	235	"I made my judgements by realizing that they could not be completely trusted, but that they would have no reason to lie to me either."236	I based my judgements on how I would react in real life in the situation and how believable the scenario was.237	Based on evidence presented.238	"Trustworthiness decreases once you find out someone does something distrustful. If someone gossips to you, but tells you they disapprove of a certain behavior, their trustworthiness goes down but not as much as doing a distrustful thing."239	I based it off of their reactions to others240	241	"I would judge people based on how I knew them. If they were a teammate, I would be more likely to trust them than if they were some person that goes on hikes with a group I'm in."242	Based on the type of  circumstances presented ie academic dishonesty vs integrity some things I believe are more morally wrong than others which is why some people I judged more harshly243	I based my opinion on how I would feel if I knew a person like the person described in the stories and how I would feel about them.244	"I made my judgements by taking into context the situation and setting. For example, going hiking is a different setting than in the office, and therefore my relationships and views towards my peers will be different for the different situations."245	"I considered the general population and what they are likely to do, as well as my feelings towards people I don't know well"246	"My judgment was based on the information given, whether the person in question did or did not commit the unethical act."247	I'm generally trusting of people. I'm probably more trusting if given evidence that they are trustworthy and less trusting if given evidence that they are not trustworthy.248	By considering the role that each person played and thinking of similar interactions I have had in real life.249	I basically just went with the information given and went with my gut feeling on it all since I didn't have a whole lot to go on.250	"I had no information about any of the people asked about, so I felt neutral to them."251	252	I read the stories and made my judgements off of that.253	I tried to put myself in the scenario and imagine how I would feel if this were a situation in real life...I just chose by my first initial reaction gut feeling.254	by reading the story and figuring out who didn't gosspi255	256	Realistically.  I couldn't reach strong conclusions of my opinions of these characters based off the very limited information.  257	Based on experiences258	I went with my gut instinct combined with the fact that what little information I had about the person in question was generally positive.259	I assume people are good and trustworthy until i find out otherwise.260	"Since the questions were asking about someone I knew nothing about, I chose the most middle option because it would be unfair to judge them with no information."261	"I considered what the person had (or hadn't done) and how their actions showed honesty. If there wasn't enough information about the person to answer a question, i chose 4"262	I figured individuals who mention something distasteful about another individual--like cheating on an exam--would be less likely to do those actions that they judge to be bad.263	I judged the people based on whether I thought I would like them in real life.264	I based my judgments off of the situations and the context they were placed in. Their disapproval of a certain activity was a tricky one as it really depended on the context of the passage because I didn't really know much about the person in general other than their name. 265	266	"I generally take my partners comments at face value. While they all say they disapprove of the negative acts that acquaintances made, I wouldn't fully trust them until they prove that what they say is true."267	They were based upon the content described in the passages.268	Based on what I had heard and how likely I thought the average person would be to act similarly269	"I made judgements based on the text that was given, the type of offenses that were proposed. I feel like some of the actions were more morally wrong, etc. "270	I listened to the rumours from others271	I mostly chose undecided answers. I wasn't given a whole lot of information about the people that didn't cheat and didn't gossip about people272	273	I based my judgements on how the person acted and what others said about them. 274	I tried to base it off their actions. Though if a name was the same as an acquaintance in real life I did picture them when answering the questions.275	I followed the pattern that was in each story276	This is hard to make decesions without experiening these senearios firsthand. 277	"For the most part the same sitation and people were described repeatedly, so my answers did not change. The one exception was a scenario in which the gender of the participants was different, and I changed my answers to reflect this."278	"I was asked about characters with no gossip and no previous information. I would generally lightly trust people in such a situation. I am neutral in liking this person because I would require more information. Since the scenarios and questions were similar, I had a similar reaction to all the scenarios."279	"I think cheating on sports, tests, relationships, and being unreliable are unequal offenses. Also I feel like they have different predictive abilities on the likelihood of the offender to be an untrustworthy person overall. I would elaborate but I think this is reflected in my answers. I am not sure if in the fourth scenario the gender aspect had anything to do with it -- but I don't think one faithful relationship means someone will not cheat in the future. Also, I think people who gossip and vocally disagree with things are more likely to imbibe in those offenses than people who mind their own business."280	Usually if someone disapproves of something they will not be involved in it.281	I made my judgements by reading the texts and seeing how each of the individuals were as in being able to trust them. The ones who did the right things were the ones that I preffered.282	By relating it to my life.283	284	"While gossip does not mean or imply truth, expressing a lack of acceptance of a action or activity would lead me to trust a person not to engage in that same behavior. But that trust is not absolute, there is always doubt - especially in casual acquaintances, definitely more so than close friends or family. "285	"The questions didn't really have any relevant information on the person I was judging; so, I went with how I generally feel about people."286	287	288	As if I would with any casual friend. The judgement questions were all based upon the person in each scenario with whom I had no interaction/information from the information provided.289	context clues290	I imagined myself in the situation and evaluated how I would feel about the person I was talking to and about.291	Trying to take the facts in and give people the benefit of the doubt292	"Strict interpretation of details in scenarios. I believe positive behaviors are correlated with trustworthiness, but cannot guarantee trustworthiness."293	intuition 294	Just read through the passages and choose what I felt was the correct answer and how I felt.295	"I would be suspicious about rumors of how honest or ethical someone was, so I tempered my trust in that fashion.  I often wondered why these people told me about some other person's bad behavior.  "296	Weather I knew anything about the person or not.297	Based on what I knew and didn't know298	"I generally don't like when people gossip, but there are people I like who gossip and people I don't like who gossip, so I tried to make most of my ""feeling"" responses pretty neutral. From my experience, bonds are stronger in sporting teams than schools and people strive to have the most integrity in a professional office setting, so that probably impacted my choices a bit as well. /  / It also irked me that we assume the gossiper's story was true, and say ""X person is an acquaintance who did X bad thing."" They may have been lying or spreading false rumors."299	"I made my judgements based on the fact that the characters that were asked about in the questions were never mentioned in an active situation in the scenarios, so I couldn't really say I trust them or think they would be likely to fail or succeed."300	"I answered them honestly, with bias towards the people i would like to interact with if they were real"301	302	I maintained a neutral opinion of the actors in these scenarios. 303	With my morals304	"It's hard to trust somebody that has done something wrong, but its also hard to trust somebody that is willing to spill gossip on somebody. They could be spreading the attention and blame onto somebody else to avoid attention to their own flaw. However, I generally am a trusting person and therefore would give them the benefit of the doubt before jumping to negative conclusions about the person telling me about somebody else. "305	"Based on my conversations with the people, I automatically assumed that they were telling the truth."306	I pretended it was real life and answered how I would act.307	"I made judgements based on the famillarity of the situation and the severity.  For situations which I have seen or have personally experienced, I was generally more understanding such as in the case of the cheating and worker deadline.  For others I usually am close to neutral about my judgement."308	Depending how how the person reacted to hearing about someone cheating or doing something they shouldn't have done gives me some insight of what they would do in their shoes.309	Based off of what I read.310	"I made my judgements based on the information provided.  I was asked to judge people I didn't know anything about, so I remained neutral in my assessment of them. "311	I used what little knowledge was given to me to put myself in the shoes of the characters and determined how I would feel about the other people.312	"I gaged what type of situation it was, for instance a track runner would have more reason to accuse someone of using performance enhancing drugs than a coworker would have to say some other aquaintance wasn't a good worker. I based it on how trustworthy the person had been in the past."313	314	I thought about who was a snitch in the situation. Who had something to gain by telling me this.315	"I made judgements based on the content of the situation. For example, telling me about someone cheating is a little bit more understandable as that could be relevant to me. Telling me about some random person's cheating habits is completely unnecessary. I don't need to know that."316	By how I viewed the scenario 317	I went with my gut.318	People who disapprove of a behavior are less likely to do that behavior319	Personal experiences. 320	If the characters values mirrored my own.321	"I considered the trustworthiness of the person making the claim about the third party. If they seemed to be honest and trustworthy, I gave their judgment more weight."322	323	"I made my judgments on this HIT based on the context, and how reliable I believe the person is who was telling me that people were immoral or wrongful. People who I work with, I would probably trust more than someone who I did not work with, because I spend alot of time with this person."324	Rationally 325	"I made them based off of the situation in which someone did or did not do something, and depending on what I thought the seriousness of each one of them was."326	Very similar to daily life.327	"I made my judgements by analyzing who was considered doing ""wrong"" actions. Contrasting them with the character we know didn't perform those actions which made that person look even better, and in the end, more trustworthy. "328	Weighing future predictions if I believe other will commit actions that are generally looked down upon.  329	330	Base on what I heard on evaluations that the characters judged themselves.331	Looked at how the person judged the acquaintance that was guilty of the acts.332	"I used the information you gave me, which was sparse."333	334	"Each story involved two other people besides yourself and an acquaintance. Each story included a situation where one person tells you that the mutual acquaintance did something morally wrong and how they disapproved. Then the questions were about the person who you know next to nothing about. Based off of the total lack of information on the person in the question I stayed middle of the road. i do not know if they are a good or bad person, there is no information on their performance at work, school, etc. Middle of the road seemed the best option."335	I thought some forms of disapproval (toward romantic cheating) are better than others (cheating on tests.)336	"I don't think I fully realized it until just now, but in hindsight all my judgements were made off of what someone had said. That someone hadn't even been cleared themselves of cheating, so I really shouldn't have based my instincts off of theirs, but that's exactly what I did."337	I generally do not have much trust in a lot of people. I am more likely to be friendly with someone with similar interests if we meet while participating in those interests instead of at work or school. I also have less trust for people that reguarly gossip.338	339	"Based on past behavior.  If past behavior was ethical, hopefully future behavior will be ethical as well."340	I think that people who have reputations as not being cheaters or as being reliable are generally fairly trustworthy.341	342	I gave my basic impressions of people I don't know. None of the information presented to me was relevant. I generally distrust people while being open to liking them at the same time.343	By what was described344	Whoever relates to my ethical values345	The details. Nothing about what was stated would really give me insight as to how much I would like or trust someone. People are inconsistent and actions speak louder than words.346	Somewhat confusingly -- guess I'm not good keeping track of names. I tried to imagine myself in that exact contrived situation and answer accordingly.347	"On the basis of the conversation, some issues are valuable to discuss "348	Based on what a mutural friend told me.349	350	There's a pattern to the stories. But I made judgements based on the facts/hearsay I had available to me.351	I generally did not trust anything anyone was saying because I did not know them.352	All of my judgements were neutral because I had no information about the person I was being asked to judge. 353	"Sarah is a cute name. the others, I guess i could trust them in that limited interaction, but honestly I was not given nearly enough information to make any judgement about any character. /  / Had there been an other on any selection i would have chosen it."354	I used my own past experiences where I was in similar conversations.355	"I based my judgements on the information provided. I was less likely to trust a person that had been dishonest, and more likely to trust the opposite."356	"If someone shows strong disapproval  of doing something, it's unlikely that they'd do the thing that they don't like."357	358	"I made most judgments based on the unreliability of gossip and those that participate in in, balanced by stated knowledge that the person engaging in gossip did not cheat in the past"359	"I was told only of my direct interactions with the person I was not judging; thus, I couldn't make many value judgments on the one I was.   I do assume that people are unlikely to cheat."360	361	I made my judgements based on past experiences in similar situations.362	363	Just thought about hypotheticaly .364	I cannot judge someone based on rumors so I decided that all parties are innocent until proven otherwise. 365	"There wasn't very much information to go on, except that the character I was evaluating in each story was (based on hearsay) innocent of a specific wrongdoing. As a result, I judged each rather neutrally, with an overall good impression but a bit of salutary mistrust. "366	"Even if a person expresses a strong disapproval for something, you can never be so sure that they won't act the same way. So I never put ""1-very unlikely"" for those parts of the questions. I think people can change or act differently upon what they actually say so you can't fully trust them just by a statement that they made."367	I could not  state how I felt about someone one way or another based on what others had said or the information that was presented to me in the scenarios.  I was to judge someone I knew nothing about.368	"I didn't have much info about the person I was making judgments on, so I just used what I normally thought of people."369	370	Too little information given about a person to win absolute trust. Trust is gained through personal interactions.371	I based my judgements off the information given in each scenario.  372	I pictured myself in the scenario as best as I could and made my judgments from there.373	374	I felt that if a person I did not know well was gossiping to me that that person was not reliable and I marked them as such. I feel that it is impossible to be very likely to trust anyone. I felt on the relationship issues that that was a different matter and that it made the person more truthworthy.375	I trusted my gut376	377	gut feelings378	Just based on my personal trust of people in general.379	Off personal experience380	"I made my judgments based on the short descriptions of the people in the stories.  If they disapproved of certain behaviors, I felt that they were less likely to engage in them themselves."381	Based on their actions when given an option to use or succeed382	Based on the little knowledge I know of the people in the stories I was unable to choose in either direction. 383	Based them on how I would react if they were people I actually knew384	I took the wole story into ACCount And put myslef in the Situation.385	"Gut reaction, most of the people questions were about I knew nothing about so I had to just guess."386	387	I did it honestly.388	Just read for context and answered honestly based on if I could answer based on conjecture or facts.389	I don't know whether to trust those people or not because I didn't really know them.  So I felt pretty neutral towards making any judgement at all.390	I judged people the best I could considering I recieved barely any information about them. The most I had to go on is whether or not they supported immoral acts or poor workmanship. 391	"If all I have to go on is hearing that a person didn't cheat on a text (or whatever thing), I'd trust him slightly more than the neutral option and would find it unlikely that they'd engage in the activity in question."392	I based my decisions as best as I could with the little information that I had.393	I think if someone openly disapproves of something then I will trust them not to do it394	I read the stories and thought about how they would react while talking with them as dexcribed in the story. If someone has a general strong disgust when talking about something I would assume they would not partake in that something.395	Putting together the information and what I have learned about people in my experiences.396	Everything was based on hearsay.  There was nothing else provided in the text to go on.397	Thought honest people would remain honest398	I judged them based on the seriosness of the accusations.399	I read the article.400	Based on what other people said401	I tried to create a scenerio of the situations given and think about what I would do.402	"All the scenarios were the same.  You know nothing about either A or B.  A tells you a story about C who was cheating, failed, etc.  A doesn't like it when people cheat, fail, etc.  The questions were do you trust either A or B outside of the scenario, the answer was neither yes or no.  Do you trust A in the scenario, the answers was more yes than no, do you think A would cheat, fail, the answer was more no than yes."403	I tried to be objective about the unrelated party.  I based it off of how much i trust people generally.404	"Each scenario presented three people, two whom I knew nothing about and one who I was told did something dishonest.  Each scenario asked me a question about how I felt about the character of the person who I both knew nothing about and also was not the person telling me a story about someone else's dishonesty.  I literally have no information to make a judgement about the person the questions were about.  Since there was no neutral rating choice, I rated them the closest to neutral as I could taking into account my personal bias towards everyone I meet, which is to say, I am prone to trust and like other human beings until they prove I should view them otherwise."405	Based on personal beliefs that certain scenarios were more touchier subjects than others.406	I can not judge poeple I've never met on many different levels. I focused on that while making my decisions.407	408	"There was only one real source of information, the hearsay from other people, so I had to use that, but I was reluctant to do so. Who knows how accurate stories are through the grapevine?"409	I made my judgements off of the stories that were told and my own instincts. 410	I don't know enough about these people to make a judgement call.411	I just made judgements based on my gut feelings on the situation the person in question participated in. It really just cmes down to my opinion based on the situation basically.412	413	"I tried to imagine the real circumstances; and most of the time I would probably enjoy hearing the gossip, and that alone wouldn't really sway my opinion of people."414	I felt like everyone deserved a chance.415	based on my own feelings416	According to how I felt when I heard they tattled on someone.417	418	"I made my judgments based on the information provided. It came from overhearing conversations and talking with people. The people I talked seemed to disapprove of the negative behavior and were known not to participate in the negative behavior. Based on what I heard, and my own interactions, I made my judgment.  "419	420	421	Based on what I read.422	423	Consistently. It didn't matter if men or women were involved.424	i read the statements and made assumptions425	I based on my judgement on the way both people first mentioned where related with. Those within the same company couldn't / be related to each other in terms of how they express their opinions. Those on the same sports team would have values aligning closer to each other since the actions of one could potenitally effects other in a very positive or negative way. 426	I made sure I reviewed the paragraphs and read the questions in order to understand the questions completely.427	"The ""unknown"" is a factor for my answers. I really don't know the people and have no idea what they are like as a moral or ethical person."428	"By looking at the pay amount and the time needed to complete this HIT, I thought it was a good choice and went on to do it."429	430	I tried to think about the situations logically and try to think about what the other person might actually do.431	"Some were actually based on my own experiences, especially the last one, since I have found that most people will cheat given the chance.  I guess this applies to things other than relationships too."432	based on the text i read433	"Based on the information presented in the passages, since that is the only knowledge I have of the characters. I assumed that the tellers of the wrongdoings are trustworthy."434	By reading the instructions and stories.435	Just went with my gut feeling. Depended on the severity of the wrongdoings and whether or not the person displayed strong dissatisfaction of wrongdoing.436	I read the scenario's and then decided.437	I used my moral code438	I made my judgments after reading the scenarios and imagining myself as a part of scenario.439	"I feel like I have no reason to harshly judge people I know little about, with the exception of the hiking  club scenario. I am a lesbian, so I would not trust to be in a relationship with a man, personally."440	i assumed that people would continue acting in ways that were consistent with their past behavior441	"My judgments depended on how relevant the information was to a person's identity, and how important it would be to gossip about that information. For instance, someone cheating on a law exam doesn't affect other people's performance on a chemistry exam, so I see less reason to gossip."442	Personal experience with similar circumstances443	As honestly as I could with the little information I was given444	It is hard to make judgements with so little information but I feel that people who talk about other peoples failings maybe have something they feel guilty about.445	Didn't know either person. People who generally are disgusted at the wrongdoing's tend not to do them.446	447	"People often ""tell"" on others for less than noble reasons (ie. to look better or gain favor) so I was not super impressed with the ones who told on these other people."448	I made the judgement based on the information given about the characters in the story.  The character judged most often was of good character so I gave a positive assessment in accordance with the questioning of the survey.449	"I based my judgments on each scenario and used the information with which I was presented. Generally, I trusted the people who demonstrated on some level they were trustworthy."450	Based on the information available in the text.451	"Generally I don't like to hear people gossping about others so I tend to not like people who gossip. It doesn't necessarily mean I can't trust them, but it makes me weary about telling them about my personal life. That's why most of my judgements on these scenarios are toward the middle or the negative side."452	Personal feelings and experience453	"I made my judgements by who said what and what the individual did. I do judge people so if I do hear something bad, I usually tend to believe it."454	reading the story and just going with how i felt. there really wasnt a lot of real facts givin to judge by455	"I considered the fact that the people in the stories disapproved of a specific action (cheating) an indication that they would be slightly less likely to engage in that behavior themselves, however I don't feel that one fact gives me any real indication as to how much I would like the person or how trustworthy they are across all contexts. "456	457	Based on the premise that past performance can indicate future performance.458	I thought back to how I would react if I was actually in  that situation. 459	"I made judgments based on the information provided in each scenario, and went with my gut instincts rather than extended contemplation."460	"I made judgments based on information that was presented. I automatically liked and trusted the people who were presented as honest or trustworthy, and I had reservations about trusting the people I knew nothing about.  "461	I read the paragraphs and judged upon what was said.462	I didn't have enough information about the person whom I was asked to judge.463	464	465	"I decided to trust all the information i was given, and decide based on that"466	Based on both information given and on personal experiences in similar situations.467	I made the judgements according to the information given.  I believed what the people said about the other person.468	I read carefully and made the best logical judgments based on the the facts I was given.469	"The questions asked me about the first person I read about, and I knew that they did not cheat in that instance, so I based my judgement off that."470	Most of the information given was second hand and not something I say for myself. I chose middle of the road for my oppinons regarding individuals likeness or not. 471	"not much information, all scenarios were identical.  Slight bias because the subject always disapproved of inappropriate behavior."472	"There was nothing to really go on about the people asked, so I tended to remain neutral."473	474	"based on the information in the scenario; so there was not much to go on; it's hard to say how much I would like someone based on not having cheated on the last exam or track meet, etc."475	"I wouldn't say that I had a objective, systematic way of evaluating the people in the vignettes. I evaluated them based on my instincts."476	i trust peoplein general so i based it off of that on that nobdy is above judgement477	I generally do not like people who will gossip so I did not trust the people in this HIT.478	479	I believe I answered neutrally for everything. I can't very well predict how someone is/will be based off of one piece of information.480	"For the stories I chose number 4 generally because I did not have enough information to be able to say either way whether I liked, trusted, etc one of the characters in each story."481	based on the facts presented and intuition about what i thought about given circumstances482	"Some of the activities seem more likely to be shared activities based on the knowledge of them, and acknowledgement of others (like relationship infidelity) without having done something about it seems to reflect on their acceptance of the behavior. There's also a chance of projection or wishful (but hypocritical) thinking. "483	"Well, you usually can't trust what you're hearing from someone you really don't know especially when they are only talking about someone else and gossiping.  If you really know someone and their character,  you can only then start to believe what you hear. "484	By the story that was being told.485	"If someone's friend is talking to me about something bad an aquaintance did, they probably would talk about their friend worse, therefore their friend probably wouldn't do anything bad in fear of their friend talking bad about them."486	"It was very strange, as the person you were asking about was always the person we had zero information about.  I didn't talk to this person, nor did I hear any stories about this person.  How could I make a judgment?  That's why my responses were always neutral."487	Based on the information in each scenario.488	I was harsher on the girls in the study because I hate gossiping. In general I felt there was too little information to know whether or not I would trust them.489	From gossip490	i looked at each person's past tendencies to make my decisions491	492	I tried to consider if the person had any benefits by telling me something negative about that person493	by the stories that were told494	"After Lance Armstrong, Bernie Maidoff and Anthony Weiner, it is difficult to trust anyone from any field or circle. Whether it is sports, finance or politics lying has become standard operating procedure."495	I made my judgments based on what was happening in each scenario. 496	"for all instances of cheating, I sided with the person who disapproved of the cheating. The only case that was different was the deadline, because there could've been extenuating circumstances that prevented the person from meeting the deadline (not necessarily that she tried to fail on purpose)."497	Based on my own personal views and past experiences with people498	"By deciding how I felt about the disclosure. SOme disclosures are can bedamning about the person telling them, whikle others are not"499	My judgments were made based on the information provided in the stories.500	"I went by what information I was given in the ""story"" and my feelings in regards to the information"501	I read the story and inferred what the subjects thought about certain things from the passages. 502	Based on what the text told me.503	"I made the judgements based on what I read and my feelings towards each ""immoral"" action in question."504	I based my judgments on how serious the offense was. But just I didn't super trust anybody just because they said they strongly disapproved of something. I don't know them.505	"If someone has not done the bad thing, I dont distrust them."506	"I generally believe what people I have heard are trustworthy say, even if it is gossip."507	Based only on the evidence presented in the story.  508	509	510	Did not associate mentioned individuals with bad behavior.511	I felt people were reliable and trustworthy if they disapproved of the wrong acts512	"I wasn't really sure whether or not to trust anyone, but I felt that the woman in the last part was the least trustworthy. The first two men that were mentioned didn't seem to make me feel like I shouldn't trust them, even if they did cheat in those contexts. I guess cheating in a relationship bothers me more than the other types of cheating that were mentioned in the scenarios."513	"I made my judgements based on the event being discussed and weither or not the person was proven to engage in the act or not. If it was something serious such as cheating I would have a greater respect for the person overall then if it was something simple. The reason for this is that if the person was not guilty of something major like cheating then I was more confident how they were as a person, but if it was something simple it didn't tell me much about them."514	By the reading and wether I would trust someone I don't know.515	I read the stories and thought abouty If I was talking to the oersoins How I would think516	I read the descriptions and then noticed a pattern in the sentence and paragraph structure between the scanarios517	518	"If there was nothing that would cause me to like or dislike a person, I rated them and anything they might do as neutral."519	520	Based on what I believe my emotions would be in each situation.521	522	523	You cant judge people based on what someone else have done.524	I tried to put myself in the story or relate it to something I haddone.525	I read the stories and decided the best answers with the context I had.526	"Most of my answers were in the middle, you can't really make a full judgement on someone because of one situation.  Something like trust is build over a period of time.  "527	By the information that I was told528	529	I made them based on the information given about what the person said.530	If I was given no reason to trust or not trust I chose the middle answer but the truth is that it's actually hard for me to trust anyone.531	I just mostly took the people's statements about their beliefs at face value.532	Read the scenarios and went with my gut reactions533	I made judgments based on the information I had from the story.534	"It depended on the stories/wordage.  Sarah was faithful during her last relationship, this is a long term commitment that says a lot about her.  On the other hand Kyle didn't cheat on his latest test, which leaves me to believe he may have cheated before."535	536	"Well I took the wording of your questions literally. The story gives you the answers and as for my personal feelings, it's simply a judgment call."537	Assumptions made by what was told and overheard538	I made judgements in this HIT based on the limited information that was available in the scenario.  There was a slight inclination to think that the person identifying the offending behavior in another person might be slightly less-inclined to commit an impropriety themselves.539	"In general, I believe people  to be good and trustworthy. I give them the benefit of the doubt. But not for the people who cheated in their relationship, on their exams, etc.)"540	I read and answered correctly 541	by how my gut felt542	based on what happened543	"I just didn't know, I don't find it easy to predict behavior. "544	"I used the stories mostly, but with some of the situations it seemed like the person was tattling or gossiping rather than being helpful. "545	546	just based on gut547	I read the article and analyzed how people felt about other people and had an idea how to feel about other people. I felt neutral for most cases because the person in question didn't do anything in the story.548	"I assumed that if if somebody did something, they would likely do the same thing in the future. But given that nothing is guaranteed I never put it to one extreme or the other. "549	Context and what the subject was.550	"I made judgements soley based on the information provided, regardless of sex or context. "551	I mostly went by my opinion that people who gossip about other's failings usually have something to hide.  / 552	553	It was difficult to make any judgement on the characters as you were not given any information outside of that they you don't know if they did the task / drug.554	I did not make judgements one way or another based on just one piece of information. I would have to know much more about these individulas.555	"If they haven't cheated in the past, I can trust them to a large extent to probably not cheat again"556	I do not trust a lot person who gossips about another person557	"As neutral as possible. I was given to little information on the people and the scenario for me to personally decided if i trust or like the person. /  / However in some cases (such as the romantic relationship scenario), there is very little room for exceptions or misconceptions and was able to rate based off my morals"558	I am more likely to trust the person that is rumored to have good character I guess and to trust that that person will not do anything immoral in the future559	560	Seeing as each scenario stated that the first two individuals I don't know whether or not they are doing something I can't determine either way whether they will or won't commit the infraction listed. I don't generally put much trust in anyone until they earn it.561	Inferring data from what I read.562	"I think about the context of the situation, and from that determine how much trust I would put in someone."563	"I felt that I could trust the people based on knowing their recent experience.  For someone who has not recently cheated, I felt it safe to assume they probably don't cheat.  For someone who expressed strong disapproval towards cheating, I felt that they most definitely do not cheat.  It was based on the behavior presented.  Though, now that I'm thinking about it, I don't know how completely reliable the information about the other people (the mutual acquaintances) was, since it was secondhand information.  Hmm."564	"i can't judge people based on gossip, whether or not what part of the story they're in. especially in predicting future behavior"565	I just guessed.566	"Imagined scenarios, and put down gut reactions."567	"In each story whenever  they are mentioning  about the third person, I feel that the first person is gossiping, and he is showing that he is a good person."568	"I'm not sure I understand.  I made my judgements just based off my first impression, ""How much do you trust this person?"" ""3 out of 5""."569	i based it off of how well i knew them. if i didn't know them well then i wouldn't be as trusting towards them.570	"Partially on the scenario (e.g. cheating at work vs. cheating on a romantic partner), and partially on that person's views. It's hard to tell if they were telling the truth, but saying that they were against the certain action being discussed made me trust them more than if they said they didn't have a problem with it."571	I made my judgments with little solid information. Because of this I chose a lot of 4's because I felt like I didn't have sufficient evidence to make proper judgments about the subjects. 572	"Based on the scenario, though they were all linguistically equivalent, the details mattered."573	"I imagined the characters as people I knew, then made the decisions based on what I would do in the situations as them."574	I went with my gut.575	made judgements  of the information given. reasoning with the scenario and information provided. 576	"just because one person of the group is cheating, doesn't necessarily mean all of them are. "577	"Context is important - and having previous experience with someone helps provide some of this. In all of the cases, the people who received the most trust from me were those who already had a history of being trustworthy. "578	579	I generally trust people and like them and expect them to do right.580	I made them straight from the facts. although I just realized that I was simply taking the word of the person in scenario with no proof that the person actually did what they said. The person offering the gossip could be just as bad as the one they are talking about.581	"I made my judgments based on the testimony of other individuals, or through gossip overheard."582	"I judged people based on how they were portrayed in the context. If they disprove of something 'bad,' then I said I would trust them."583	Utilizing others input regarding common threads.584	"I considered the situations and how I would feel both as a bystander, but also as the person in question. I did my best to be fair and honest."585	I guaged my feelings by thinking of past experiences and thinking about how i would react in that situation. 586	Based on the stories and facts presented to me587	"In vague generalities, as knowing only a single fact about a person lends itself to vague answers."588	"I didn't know much about the people, so I judged them as I would someone I've never met. In the case of someone being a teammate or partner, I figured they could maybe be trusted a bit more due to that association."589	i followed the text590	I made judgements based on what others overheard.591	Little information was brought up about the people I was being asked to judge. I had no idea what to base my judgments on since no information was presented on those people. 592	I used my morals to make what I thought was fair decisions and tried to view each person with a blank slate.593	594	Based on how the character felt595	None596	Could not pass judgement on character with no information.597	"I've been in very similar situations to most of those presented. I've had a job, played on a team, had a girlfriend, etc. It's fairly easy to imagine yourself in particular shoes when you've worn them before."598	"I felt neutral about most of these people because I do not know them and I cannot say for sure whether or not I trust them as they are strangers to me. Moreover, I do not want to trust a source so willingly that is also a stranger to me. I would rather wait and meet the person instead of gossiping about them, when the stories may be entirely false."599	Choose neutral on all answers since I didnt know anything about the mentioned people.600	Normally how I would talk to other people about mutual acquanintance.601	I compared a couple to real life situations I have been in.602	"the first person always ended up being the one who didn't cheat etc., the second one you didn't know, and the third one (acquaintance) always ended up being the cheater. Based on this, the results were self explanatory."603	Read about their trust-worthiness and made my decisions.604	605	I made my judgments based off of the information I was given.606	I re-read the stories. 607	608	609	"I tended to remain in the middle ranges of judgement because there was not enough information provided about the various characters, just these circumstantial stories. I don't think this is not enough for me to get a good feel for a person's character. One on one interaction is also a big factor for me when making judgement calls."610	Based on what the story said about th eperson611	"There was no information on the people who most questions were asked, therefore most of the time went with 4"612	used common sense.613	"Someone who has never done something is not likely to start doing something, but that does not necessarily make them trustworthy."614	"To be honest with you, I am rather cynical and I don't trust people that much period. But, I made my decisions based on what I already knew about the people from the little stories. I tried not to put much value on heresay though"615	616	Based on what other people said.617	based on the information given and my gut instincts. 618	I thought of them as typical people who make mistakes.619	620	"I tried to put myself in the situations described, and imagined how much I would feel about these people if everything else about them was pretty neutral to me."621	I made my judgements by thinking about the scenario and thinking how I would feel if I was in that situation. I then answered the questions after thinking about the scenario for a short amount of time.622	"I based my judgments somewhat on the information provided by the ""coworker"" or ""club member"" but remained somewhat neutral due to not having enough information on the person in question."623	by reading the stories624	"The judgements were made were solely based on information given on that person.  Since there was no information on the people we were judging, other than that we knew them, I gave everyone scores right in the middle."625	put myself in the situation and thought about how i would act626	"I made my judgements based on not knowing personally any of the characters in the stories, therefore my judgements are without information to make an accurate statement about the individuals described."627	Based on the context of the situations that were described.628	I used my personal judgement to make my decisions for this HIT. 629	"Based on the extent of the scenerio, personal or work related and whether it'd be professional or not. I feel like people who gossip themselves are much more likely to bend the rules or do something wrong than someone who doesn't."630	"I read the passage, then answered the questions based on what I read."631	I thought about real life situations / 632	Had to assume that the person giving me negative info at least thought they were telling me the truth.633	"I read the stories and assmumed if the person did not like the bad behavior then they are generally trustworthy, but only to a point."634	"It was hard because little information was given outside of one instance, but I would assume that if they were faithful, fair or honest in the situation given, they probably would be in all situations."635	636	I made my judgments based on how I viewed certain things morally and those particular persons responses. 637	Compared it to past experience.638	Based on personal experience639	"Some of the judgements were worse then others. Cheating on ones significant other for example seems worse to me than using performance enhancing drugs, or cheating on a take home exam."640	"One who shows disapproval over someone's mistakes is often times not going to make that same mistake. Sometimes, however, they are covering up the fact that they like to do what they are accusing others of."641	"I would like to believe that those who express disapproval in bad traits, are generally trustworthy people."642	Even though someone showed dislike for something that didn't mean they hadn't before done said thing.  Just because the person was there or wasn't there didn't change my view on them if I didn't have any information about them.643	"For the work related questions, I was more lenient towards gossip, as opposed to the social scenarios."644	"I made my judgements in a very black and white manner. Someone who can discuss and shun a person allegedly cheating is immediately trustworthy. However, in hindsight, I realized that is not necessarily true. This person could have potentially been gossiping about coworkers/athletes/friends, etc. Also, someone may have learned this in confidence, and it would be difficult to trust someone who could potentially be spilling my secrets."645	646	647	"I rated the people who completed their tasks or kept their word highly as far as trust goes. I rated them neutrally on the questions of whether I liked them or not because, though I may trust them to complete their work, be faithful, or not cheat on exams, there was not enough information provided for me to decide if I liked them personally or not.  In general, I dislike people who gossip. However, if these individuals were those of whom I value an opinion, I might appreciate the information. "648	I made my judgements based on the little information available in each scenario.649	"The strong disapproval means that they're likely not to do the negative action, in my opinion.  Additionally, levels of trust were based on their disapproval of that action, but also based on the fact that they're spreading gossip."650	based upon the words of others but I would not let my guard down and fully trust or distrust anyone based upon what others have seen. 651	I just read the passages and decided652	I went based on how much I generally trust people in those situations personally653	654	I thought about how much information I had about the person I was judging and used that to decide how I felt about that person and how likely I thought they were to engage in the specified behavior.655	656	"I had trouble making any judgments since the subject of each story was the one character who had nothing to do with the conversation I had. I found it difficult to think of how I think this person, I know nothing about, would or wouldn't react or be like in a situation. "657	Very little info given but I am cautious to trust people on just this limited scenario658	659	"I figured that past history is a good indicator of what will happen in the future, so I went by that."660	I tried to think if the person would actually do something after they said someone else did and and didn't approve of it.661	My judgements were based on my own personal experiences I was more likely to trust the questions about work and working as a team and trusting others than the relationship questions. There was  simply not enough information to say I liked an individual.662	663	I chose what I believed to be the neutral answer when asked about the person whom I knew nothing about. 664	Using personal experience about the situtations and which boundaries people are likely to cross.665	666	Based on my gut reaction667	"I know nothing about the person described, so my personal default is neutral.  "668	669	I didnt make any because I need more context. If I was missing a deadline and my coworker helped me out. I was a programmer and I had trouble with a jquery script and sam helped me figure it out when he still behind. More details man.670	I just placed myself in each scenario and answered as to how I would have really felt if it had really happened.671	672	I used my own personal experiences with friends and coworkers to help me out in making judgements.  For example it the work place group effort evaluation scenario I related back to my work.  I wouldn't fully trust a coworker who gossips negatively about another coworker.  673	I determined the answers to the questions based off of the situation going on and also what the person was telling on someone else for doing.  The subject of the gossip played a major factor in how I rated them674	It was difficult to judge how much I would trust these people because they gossiped about others.675	Based on their history and dissaproval of others cheating.676	677	I couldn't base my judgements on anything because I knew nothing about the people in question.678	I read everything very carefully and imagined if I interacted with those people in real life. 679	"All the individuals who had not cheated are probably not likely to cheat in the future and are probably moral people. However the test only describes one choice and does not provide the multifaceted view that would be necessary to make true judgments on their trustworthiness and likeability, therefore I rated them as slightly above the median: their one positive choice indicates that I would trust and like them but does not guarantee it. "680	I don't trust people who discuss personal issues of others'. It is distasteful.681	"By thoroughly reading over the reading, then making judgments based on my own personal perception intertwined with the facts that were provided. "682	I trusted that the person who disapproved of an action and who was rumored to have never done the action was trustworthy. 683	I can`t trust people that gossip . People who point out others troubles are sometimes just as guilty684	685	Guesswork686	"Essentially, they were good judgments because the people made good decisions."687	I made judgments based upon what other people told me and based my trust on their story rather than the person the story was being told about.688	689	"I based my answers on past personal experiences with people who tell me ""facts"" about other people that I barely know."690	"All of these judgements were made on second hand information and the person's reaction that is offering the second hand  information.  It is not a particularly good way to make a judgement, but if it's the only information you have, you can only judge the person's reaction to the secondhand information."691	I trust the people who are confirmed to have not done bad things.692	I will say I generally don't like people who talk about others' faults.  Though I believe the gossipers would have a high work ethic and self control making them good team members/workers.  693	I tried to imagine the scenario and imagine how I would feel.694	695	"I based my judgements by the information provided. There was no real information about the people I was asked the main trust questions about, so I was fairly neutral. I didn't necessarily feel any particular way since I had no information about them."696	I just imagined the type of people that the people in the example were in each scenario and made comparisons to people I personally know.697	"I based it on the environment that I was in..workplace, school etc. I tended to give most people the benefit of the doubt, but ony slighlty as I did not know them well."698	"I read the scenarios and answered the questions, basing it on my opinions of their moral character I guess. "699	Based on the action being gossiped about700	I read the information given and made the best decision I could based on that information. 701	I made judgements based on how strong of an ethical issue was the issue and who it was in question.702	"From the facts. If I didn't know something directly, I didn't judge that person negatively or positively."703	Based on who said what and what was initially said about them.704	"I tried to examine how I felt about the situations put forward, and based my opinion on how similar or dissimilar the other people were to my opinion."705	I used personal experiences and relationships from my past life.706	I made my judgments based on past historical events. Those past actions help me determine their character.707	"Even though I generally distrust people I still do try to give everyone a chance or two.  You cannot predict what most people will do even if they, at one time, were doing the best they could to do what they thought was right."708	i read the stories709	710	I read through the situations however I did not forget about how humans change throughout their lives.711	712	I didn't have enough information to make a negative judgement713	"I don't trust anyone fully since I have been burned before.  Also, people who tend to gossip also may tend to do it to cover up their own insecurities, so it is hard to fully trust or like them."714	715	I didn't really make any judgements. I was given only one second hand account of another person's actions in a single instance. This is almost zero information and certainly not enough to form an opinion so I just remained neutral across the board.716	I chose the middle for most of them because of lack of information. I have no idea who these people are so I cannot say either way whether or not I trust or like them.717	I made my judgements based on what I read and kept a open mind718	719	720	Reading the scenarios and remembering what was said. Hope I was right about some of them.721	722	"I made my judgements based on the limited information given. I also judged based on the specific situation, different types of situations require different levels of trust."723	I basically didn't know anything about the person you were asking about. So I also took the middle ground. 724	"Generally, if someone has a reputation for being honest, or a hard worker, that reputation tends to be true."725	Personal opinion726	I made judgment based on the story and my real life experinces727	728	"No way of evaluating a person not involved in the scenario, really."729	"I went with my gut reaction for the most part. Since these people all didn't cheat or do the unethical thing in their scenarios, and since they appeared to disapprove of taking the unethical route, I liked them mostly."730	Based on whether or not it's someone I would associate with in my everyday life.731	732	By the information that was given to me.733	734	I thought about the information given and gave my opinion as asked.735	"Since I knew almost nothing about the people in the questions, I was unable to make any informed judgements about them."736	"I based it on if I really cared much for what they told me.  I'm not a fan of ""snitches"" but some things like when one of the guys informed me of Daniel messing up as it pertained to work was good indication that he valued good work.  I respected that."737	"I didn't know enough about the people to trust or distrust them, so I chose average."738	"Based off of what I had heard through acquaintances, I assume no one had a reason to lie to me"739	idk740	741	"I generally approached each question as I would when judging anyone I saw as a peer (classmate, co-worker). "742	743	i disliked the people who were doing wrong as much as i disliked the person telling on them.744	based off if the person chose to be trustworthy and by giving my trust to one person.745	If people were gossiping and showed disapproval I would trust them more.746	747	I used the information available to me to decide whether or not I thought they could be trusted. 