id	reason1	"Because I really don't know these hypothetical individuals. Other that determining they're behavior in these scenarios was hypocritical, I really can't pass moral judgment on them."2	"I rated them each negatively for concerning themselves with others problems,"3	Most of the characters were hypocritical. They would talk about someone behind their back as if that someone was a bad person. Then they would turn around and do the exact same thing they said was morally wrong. 4	"I felt there was a measure of honesty when they admitted they knew it was wrong, but did it at times. Most people will claim they never do anything wrong, and that is more dishonest to me. Of course I still do not agree with doing anything morally wrong, but it takes heart to admit you are not perfect."5	"Because I don't like hypocrites, but don't necessarily think they are intentionally bad people.  Not saying I WOULDN'T be friends with people like them, but those would be traits that I would try to overlook so long as they had other good traits to make up for it."6	there was not enough information about them to evaluate properly7	Hypocrites get poor score from me.8	"Because they were all inauthentic, phonies of you will. / Here in the Southern US we say of these people that you cann't trust them as far as you could throw them."9	Gut feel with no real logic10	I tried to decide if what the discussion was about influenced the people in any way.11	I might have been a harsher critic for the people who drove a task of which I had been a victim or experience. 12	I evaluated them on their behaviors and decisions. 13	I feel very strongly about many of those topics. I think that talking negatively about another person about something that they do and then turning around and doing that exact thing is ridiculous.14	I evaluated them on what they said and then their actions that occurred after the conversation.15	"I evaluated based on how their actions affect other people.  I don't think its fair to complain about something when you do the same thing, but sometimes, such as ignoring your mother's calls sometimes, may happen once in a while.  However, if you are a treehugger and if this is a passion of yours, why talk about someone using so much paper and ink when you are doing the same thing?"16	By scenario. Avoiding a phone call isn't as bad as avoiding jury duty.17	because doesn't sound like any big problem18	"Some moral questions are situational. For instance, downloading music illegally is always wrong; there's no excused for it. But ignoring your mother's calls can be situational. He could be busy or expecting another call or maybe she calls 5 times a day. "19	Based on my own beliefs and how big a lie.20	I put myself in their shoes21	"They were honest about who they were but they were doing what's bad in social terms. Still, there could be good reason for doing what they did."22	Because I put myself in their shoes and thought what I would feel if I were them.23	i was  think of my self 24	"Well, people often judge other people for things that they themselves do because it makes people feel good to think that they are wiser/better than others because they know what's right and wrong. Unfortunately, people still don't do what's right even if they know it's not really right. Especially if it's a close judgement call on something that's not really too bad. It's not really THAT bad to not take your mom's call, or to use paper 1 sided or to try to skip out on jury duty. And, in fact, sometimes there's really good reasons for doing so."25	"they were hypocritical and attempted to make themselves sound better than their acquaintances.  If a person believes it is immoral or morally wrong to do something, then they shouldn't do it.  If that's not how they feel, they shouldn't lie about what they believe.  All of them have made statements judging others' morality without being moral themselves."26	I evaluated them by thinking about what I would do.27	I think the questions are flawed. if it were the subject addressed in the questions making the comments about each situation then going and doing the actions I would tend to think of them as less trustworthy and more hypocritical. 28	I evaluated the characters to see if what they did in those instances is what I would do and how I felt about their decisions. 29	Personal philosophy.30	"Regardless of the action in question, anyone who judges another person negatively and then engages in the same action is rather hypocritical and a bit dishonest. I don't think this necessarily makes them a bad person, yet not a good person either."31	"It depended on how wrong I thought their action was.  However, since they all admitted to doing it, I didn't think they were that hypocritical.  It would have been worse if they claimed to be morally pure and then did the morally wrong action."32	"Sometimes you just don't want to talk to your mother! I know what that's like. Printing single-sided - uses too many resources, but sometimes necessary (tax forms, manuscripts). Getting out of jury duty - always wrong! It's an obligation! Downloading music from the internet - meh. But it was hard to judge a person's character just by those scenarios."33	"Each one made a statement about what is morally wrong; not necessarily where they stand on the issue. / But then, each one went and did exactly what they had stated was morally wrong, so they KNEW what was morally right, and did not  do it."34	I don't know35	some scenarios have an impact that is more relevant to me than others.  Ignoring a phone call is not so bad and it's not a crime.  downloading music is a crime.36	My evaluation of characters depends upon my way of actions just like illegally downloading music from the Internet. I don't think that's wrong at all because almost everybody anyway downloads music from the Internet in illegal way.37	some things are worse then others.38	I evaluated the characters the same way as I evaluate anything else.  I go by what is right and what is wrong.  39	In general I didn't really think these small events were enough to strongly evaluate them thus the central responses40	There was insufficient information to determine whether or not thet were good people or whether or not I liked them.  You can't know someone from one incident. 41	Because all of them said they thought something was morally wrong and then when nobody was around they did the exact same thing and were completely hypocritical 42	I evaluated them based on my moral upbringing and the morals and ethics I have learned as a result of growing up in the US.43	"Mothers are very important! Other things are bad, but not as bad as that."44	"I was a little concerned that in each of the scenarios, it stated that so and so was discussing the action with someone else, not that the person the question was about actually agreed with that person. So, I based my answers on the fact that both individuals participated equally in whatever the scenario was."45	I tried to be empathetic. 46	I evaluated the characters based on how i perceived the morality of their actions.47	"I didn't feel all that strongly about any of the scenarios, the negative things they did we're all pretty minor.  The people were all fairly hypocritical but not enough information was given to make an accurate and informed ""moral judgement"" about any of them beyond that. There could have been any number of extenuating circumstances influencing their behavior. "48	It was difficult to do much other than stay in the middle ground. Issues that affected family relationships I was a little more harsh on.49	"By the actions and behaviors that they displayed - aided by the fact of their ""gossip"" about another - which was often hypocritical"50	"If you can't trust people in little issues, can you trust them in large decisions?"51	I based my decisions on my perspective.  I'm a mother and wouldn't have to have my children ignore my calls.  I've tried to get out of jury duty.  I copy single sided more often than double-sided.  I don't download anything illegally.52	Don't have enough information about the characters to make conclusive evaluations of them.53	"Part of it had to do with whether or not I thought they did it deliberately. Someone may think that printing a paper single-sided is wrong, and neglect to see that their computer settings on single sided. However, nobody accidentally downloads music illegally or ignores their mother. Another part had to do with social norms. Maybe trying to get out of jury duty isn't the greatest thing to do, but almost everyone I know tries to. Honestly, it's not as though there won't be someone to take your place if you try to do that. "54	"If I thought their actions were immoral, I rated them more harshly."55	based on how I would judge them if they were my real friends56	I figured that they were all honest about their hypocritical thinking.  I judged them partially on how negatively I view each of the actions.57	Some things such as stealing music and not obeying the law (Jury Duty) are morally wrong becasue they are illegal and can get you in jail. Othewr issues such as noty calling your mother are not morally worng because the yare a choice.58	I rated them based on the norms of society and my inner thoughts. 59	just based of my own feelings of morals60	"In the scheme of things these are all really, really minor and only one is actually a criminal offense. Nobody's perfect, sometimes you just need to be a little selfish to take care of your own mental health."61	I looked at them as human beings who have both good and bad traits.62	I evaluated the characters mainly out of how respectful they are. Ignoring the mother was a big deal for me. We also live in a country where due process is a right. Working around jury duty only hurts due process. Illegal downloading only hurts smaller musicians/indie films. I have no problems with pirating AAA movies.63	"I feel like ""discussing"" something doesn't necessarily mean its a good or bad discussion so I just based it on the action they took itself not the conversation they had with the friend. "64	"I thought of the fact that although they may have felt these things morally wrong, at least they admitted to doing these things. This makes them a good person overall to me. I believe I may have misrated the earlier subjects. The final subject was my most accurate rating, I feel."65	Based on my own beleifs if i think an act was good or bad. I used this make my judgements about the characters and their situations. 66	I guess it was because it is the way I was raised. 67	"If people said something is wrong, but that they still do it, they are more trustworthy than someone who does something they say is wrong, but doesn't admit to it. "68	"The characters all admitted to thinking something was wrong, but they did it sometimes anyways, which was being honest and hypocritical at the same time.  But they were things that everyone does, so it would not change the like ability factor for me a great deal."69	I evaluated the characters in the same way I would have evaluated myself doing the same things.70	"I used only what they said they believed in against to what they did when they put their beliefs to the test to determine how much of a ""rounded individual"" they were. All the while, giving benefit-of the-doubt for the unknown areas of their social-matter/moral ""compass"" reasoning as a way to allow more room for understanding one to being a quite possible, reasonable and trusting friend. "71	"They were extremely honest in admitting that they did these behaviors anyway, even though they felt it was morally wrong.  Yet none of the behaviors is that terrible to me, that I would think they are fundamentally a bad person."72	"Because i'm a basically honest person. I often tell the truth even if it gets me in trouble. So if I think something is morally wrong, I don't do it. Of course my morals differ from others..."73	The scenarios that were given are common. Everyone knows people similar to those described in the scenarios. I evaluated the characters according to what I have done in real life.74	I only evaluated them based on my own beliefs.75	"I think each circumstance should be judged differently.  For example, not answering your mother's phone call to me, is worse than using paper one sided and not two.  "76	I evaluated them that way because it never stated how that person responded to the statements. We only heard one side. I felt that not all the things were wrong to do since I do them myself. 77	Mostly I based my judgements on myself.78	I based it on how I feel myself about each of the subjects they felt were morally wrong. 79	The characters should not have said the thought it was morally wrong to do something and then do the same exact thing that they thought was morally wrong.80	Ignoring the woman that gave birth to you's phone calls is pretty unforgiving. Everyone downloads music illegally off the internet.  Jury duty is a duty not a right and I think that neither should have skipped it. And that paper guy should like reasses his life.81	I felt that they were being hypocritical to say that someone else is morally wrong then shortly after do the exact same thing they were just judging. 82	"I based it upon the perceived seriousness of the transgression, and how much I feel that we are all guilty at times of exhibiting these behaviors. I know myself to be basically honest and good intentioned, and yet I could at times do any of these things mentioned."83	Because they said one thing and did another.84	Decisions are situational. It's difficult to call somebody a hippocrite based on a single decision. Also it just said that they mentioned their freind in a conversation. They didn't say that they were doing anything wrong so It's hard to call the a hippocrite. Other fields were based on my personal opinion of the actions they took.85	Because they were all blatant hypocrites.86	I believe they are all hypocritical. i agree that some of the actions are worse than others.87	"I thought they were sort of honest and trustworthy in that they did admit to the friend that they occasionally do things they find morally not ok.  That in itself is hypocritical, but not as much as if they lied and said they don't do those things."88	It's just  the beliefs that I have.89	"I tried to envision myself doing the things mentioned in the stories, and see how bad I would feel. I graded accordingly."90	"Based on the degree of the ""crime"""91	I have a lot of the same morals that were in the survey92	Just how I feel93	I evaluated them based on my personal belief system.94	"Most of the actions they did had nothing to do with morality, or at least were not severely wrong. Most of them were things a lot of people do all the time."95	"Each person claimed that an action was morally wrong for others to do, yet they performed those actions themselves."96	They were doing things that they themselves thought were wrong.  97	"I felt there could be legitimate reasons for not wanting to answer the phone at a particular moment or get out of jury duty, so it didn't make me believe they were bad people, though there were very hypocritical for saying one thing and doing another.  But downloading music illegally is a crime AND she was a hypocrite, so I had a much lower opinion of that person."98	I did it based on their actions and how they behaved.99	It is alway easier to be the judge than to be judged by someone.100	By how I feel101	"I assumed the story at face value. Of course, there could be extenuating circumstances that were not described that could modify one's opinion."102	It seems like they shouldn't do the things they are putting others down for103	I am not sure.  More on the actual facts of each one. 104	People often do not practice whist they preach so I tended to give them the benefit of the doubt rather than be extremely judgmental.105	Certain things like ignoring your mothers call does not make you untrustworthy but if you were down on someone else for the same thing it makes you a hypocrite.106	They weren't completely wrong or hypocritical since they weren't the ones mentioning friends who did the bad things.  But they were partially wrong for doing things not completely ethically.107	They did something wrong.108	I put myself in their situation and imagined myself in that scenario.109	"using one side of the paper is sometimes needed, but the other things like ignoring moms phone call how do they know if it is an emergency or not, and jury duty has to be done who else is going to do it if they don't, and down loading illegally anything is just wrong"110	Only the illegal music download is actually a crime. None of the characters actually expressed a belief that the actions were wrong therefore they were not being hypocritical.111	Because I dont know them personally I just know of the one instance.112	"Because the scenario did not mention how the character responded to the conversation. For example if he said ""I always ignore my mom's calls and then call her back when I have time to have a conversation"", it would not have been hypocritical. "113	I evaluated them the only way I know how. The same way I evaluate myself.114	I don't like to judge others. Everyone is a hypocrite sometimes.115	That is the way I think116	"In each scenario there could be circumstances in which each individual did what they did.  For example, Kevin printed only on one side of the paper even though he said it was morally wrong yet maybe he printed on one side because he was told too as in a work related matter.  In the circumstance of not answering his mother's call was that since he was with his friend, he didn't want him to intrude on his conversation with his mother and possibly waited later to return the call.  As far the downloading of music, is it morally wrong if its not illegal?  For instance, some musicians give consent for the downloading of free music, does it make it morally wrong?  As far as whether I like the person or not has no bearing on whether they are a good person.  I can't judge them for their actions.  In all the scenarios they did nothing to hurt me or offend me in anyway.  There are just to many circumstances that I can analyze to make it go either way.  There is no one set way, we are not all the same."117	"Because I think they were all hypocrites, and I strongly dislike hypocrites."118	"Well, everyone's a little hypocritical, but depending on what it is, I may like you more or less for it. Music downloads are horibly wrong, but a lot of people do it and see it as fine. Overall, however, I don't feel that a person being hypocritical about a single issue says much about them."119	"None of their offenses were anything to be terribly upset about, even if slightly hypocritical or immoral."120	I tried to think what I would do in each situation. I think that most people do say they don't do something and then turn around and do it anyways. So it's easy to see that even minor incidents they would still do what they say they wouldn't do. I know myself and others have made statements and then done the opposite. 121	I looked at what they said and did122	Because they talk about somebody else doing it then do it themselves. that isn't write.123	"I tried to base my opinions on them only on the info I received.  Like the guy who used the paper one-sided after saying it was morally wrong?  It could have been an accident.  The man ignoring his mother?  She may call a million times a day for very little reason while the other mother could be ill, etc.  It's not my place to judge others (too much, anyway, haha)"124	By the weight of their actions125	"Because they were hypocrites.......I didnt think it really made me dislike them, but I would definitely be careful of what information I believed from them."126	I tried to go severe to less severe127	I evaluate them upon my moral basis128	Based on how I viewed each senario each person was participating in.129	I am a trustworthy person and see that others should be as well.130	"All of them are hypocritical, and without any other information, I have no way to determine how hypocritical they are. All of the characters were evaluated negatively because, everything else being equal, I only have a negative action upon which to base my judgement of them. I can't reward them for being immoral. "131	The paper use is just annoying. If you're going to get on a high horse about it then live up to it. Same with downloading music; fine if you don't like it but no one wants to hear about it. The calling the mother situation I gave the person more slack. There's a difference between ignoring once and making a habit so I couldn't judge but he did seem to place importance on talking to mothers so I give him the benefit of the doubt. Jury duty is easy to judge if you're not the one in the situation. Opinions and actions change when they're acutally happening to you sometimes right or wrong.132	They were all being hipocrates. Do as I say not as I do. I couldn't stand them and it's a big factor on their character. 133	Scenarios did not provide enough overall characteristics to make a decision that each was entirely bad.134	Because of social patern135	"One, I view doing something you want to do and avoiding something you don't want to do two separate things. I also have my own personal bias, considering I also ignore my mothers calls but would probably never try to get out of jury duty."136	based on if my friends did that right after I talked to them about it137	Based on their hypocrisy and the subject they were being hypocritical about.138	"I evaluated the characters based on the subject matter in addition to how I personally feel about something being morally right or morally wrong. In some situations, it's like we have a moral duty or an obligation and in others not. So, for me, it basically depended on the issue and then how I felt about it. "139	I didn't think what they did was much of a basis for disapproval and so generally viewed them fairly positively though not highly positively since I know too little about them.140	because situataion were different.141	because they were participating in a conversation previous to their decision which reflected poorly on the decision that they made142	Because they lied to a friend of there and was being hypocritical about how they think it is wrong and did it themselves. It is wrong to lie about it just to show that you support what their friend is saying. They could have said yeah it might be wrong but i sometimes do it also.143	By how right or wrong the actino was144	"All pretty much the same scenario.  In all cases, nobody was in real danger and they are all miniscule things."145	Mostly due to their hypocrisy.146	"These actions tell me little to nothing about them, so I ranked them all as pretty much neutral. /  / Who cares about printing documents one-sided? I'd be hard pressed to find anyone who hasn't downloaded anything or tried to get out of jury duty (not that this makes them good things to do). And who knows, maybe that one guy's mother is narcissistic and he's cut off all contact with her. I don't know. /  / Did the next guy rip off a mattress tag?"147	Because I felt like that was deserved.148	They were evaluated the way they were based on the severity of the infraction and wether or not they were the one complaining about the aquantince.149	"Based on my own principals - a lot of their actions weren't particularly bad, it was the hypocrisy that I dislike."150	I don't think knowing one thing about them is enough to make a solid judgement as to their character.151	I made my evaluations based upon the limited amount of information I was provided. The information is to vague and limited in order to determine what kind of person the individuals truly are. Making an assumption based upon such limited information would lead the error of prejudice and stereotypes. Although one thing I can say for certain is that the issue of printing globs of paper in our fragile environment is extremely a turn off.152	We were not given enough information to rate them on likability or trust.153	"I feel that I didn't have enough information to completely judge the people on the levels of whether I liked them, or found them trustworthy."154	Because they said one thing but their actions reflected something else. 155	"Some things like answering your mothers calls are held more as a moral duty, as opposed to the civic duty of participating in jury duty. So when someone ignores there mother it's frowned upon more so than someone trying to get out of something they don't want to do, like jury duty. I evaluated some of the characters based on the way they behaved after they said a certain action was wrong. One character said it was wrong of another person to illegally download music but turned around and did the very thing they said was wrong. I find that to be very hypocritical and I wouldn't trust anyone like that."156	"They were pretty nasty folks, I gave them poor marks, especially Ms. Download woman, she is my least favorite! / A group of hypocrites, that's for sure!"157	"Downloading music illegally is something I don't have a problem with, to be honest. I also think that jury duty is a huge pain as can be parents. Wasting paper just seemed like a deliberately obnoxious thing to do and I didn't like Kevin when he did that."158	"I just feel that if you criticize someone that is doing something wrong or illegal and then you turn around and do the same, it is hypocritical. They have a very phony type of personality."159	"Only from the brief information given, I evaluated how I viewed the subject being discussed and how I felt about it.  "160	"Well I thought about how ""bad"" the thing that they did was. But I also tried to give them the benefit of the doubt. Ignoring your mom's phone call is bad if she's 93 and on her death bed but ignoring the call isn't so bad if you're in college and she called you fourteen times a day."161	just because you do some not so good things at times doesn't make you a all around bad person162	just gut feel163	"Nothing they did was particularly wrong, but they were hypocrites for judging a mutual acquaintance. "164	I felt like if they were lying about those things they would probably lie about other things and they all seemed atleast somewhat hypocritical.165	"I evaluated the characters based on how wrong I believed their actions to be but I did not think they necessarily pertained to each of the question. For instance, why would downloading music illegally make you hypocritical?"166	because they all went out of their way to condemn the very behavior they exhibited. 167	"A lot depended on what they were doing - they were all honest that even though they thought something was wrong, they did it anyway. I was given too little information to actually base a judgement on how much I might like the person or whether they were a good person - one event or behavior doesn't determine that."168	Because they were dishonest and hypocritical.  Their character did not appear to be very strong and their actions were questionable at best.169	All the characters seemed to understand that something was morally wrong but decided to act that way anyway. I don't think that makes them a bad person  or not trustworthy.170	I evaluated the characters based on the fact that they did something that their friend approved or  disproved of but later did it themselves. On some of them I put myself in their shoes and thought of what I would or would not have done.171	"Without more information I can't make a good judgement about anyone's character.  The person's mother, for instance might be a terrible person that causes pain to them when they talk. For jury duty it can be bad timing.  The paper use can't be judged by morals unless it is at someone else's expense deliberately."172	Based on how morally wrong I thought their decision was.173	"I evaluated them a hypocritical if they denounced a behavior performed by someone else and then later did it themselves. However, that does not necessarily make them a bad person or untrustworthy, especially depending on the offense. I tended to rate them low on the scale for how much I would like them if they were hypocritical however, as this is not a likeable quality."174	I just went with my personal beliefs and rolled with it. 175	Depending on what they were doing if it didn't seem like a big deal to me I couldn't find any fault with them. But if they went against my thoughts on the issue it was a big deal.176	I'm basing it on how I live life and my moral standards.177	"Based on the issue being presented and how I feel the issue may or may not be morally wrong.  In addition, for some of the characters, there may be other factors affecting the decision of the character which is beyond their control."178	"The good/bad was difficult; who knows about people. I kept it closer to the middle, though still bad. Hypocrisy is easier to suss out; the characters said one thing and did another. Honesty was the big one for me--honest with others, with themselves, with the world. A lot of factors go into one's state of ""honesty,"" and frankly most people, including myself, can't get by without lying to themselves at least a little bit. "179	I don't feel that you can tell whether you like somebody or whether they are honest by whether they use too much paper or whether they don't want to serve on a jury or whether they ignore their mom's phone calls.  180	There's not enough information to be too extreme one way or another.181	It was hard to make a character judgement on them knowing they did just one hypocritical thing for me so I just marked that they were hypocritical and avoided making judgement on most other qualities in most cases.182	I evaluated them based on my own experiences in similar scenarios183	"It seem hypocritical to do about the very same thing`s that the were discussing to each other.They all had there degrees of hypocrisy but none- the- less it was still evident. In the case of Becky and Amanda,the later who was the one who initiated the conversation.Thus Amanda I believe is more dishonest or hypocritical than Becky in some ways."184	"In each case, the person who did the supposedly bad thing was not the person who had expressed a strong opinion about it. Just because a friend thinks they should talk to their mother and use less paper doesn't morally obligate the friend."185	Sometimes they do things that are wrong but admit to it so i think that is honest but it is still wrong to do what they did . / and the people who dont admit it are not trustworthy and hypocritical.186	They all were hypercritical . All said one thing but ended up doin that exact thing.187	"I formed an impression based on the characteristics implied by each action. An action that wasn't too harmful and avoiding an annoyance was understandable, while an action that does no good at all reflected poorly."188	Based on the situation and imagining extenuating circumstances which might have been involved.189	"I based them off my personal experiances. I work for an environmental organziation so I view wasting paper as a worse offense than avoiding jury duty, since I have also avoided jury duty. I have ignored calls from my mother, but not in malicious ways so I did not view that as offensive. I have not downloaded songs illegially but I do view it as an illegal activity, and therefore wrong."190	They were being very hypocritical. I dislike when people say something is wrong and then go right ahead and do that said thing.191	"The actions of the characters belied what their thoughts were. This does make them unhonest and hypocritical but I could not say I liked/disliked them based upon this single statement or if they were ""good"" based upon their actions."192	It depended on the situation and circumstance as to why I evaluated the characters the way I did.  193	"I didn't know the entire situation, so I did not stray far from neutral on my feelings toward the characters. For example, maybe getting out of jury duty had to do with an unavoidable conflict or a disability. And perhaps the character ignored his mother's phone call because he was with another friend and it would have been rude to answer the phone in front of the friend. Maybe the person who printed single-sided was using a printer that doesn't have the technology to print double-sided, but would have done it if he could have. The only one that I could judge for her character, given the context, was the one who illegally downloaded music."194	"the characters never said they thought the actions were moral or immoral, only the friends did, so it was impossible to judge how trustworthy or honest they are"195	I evaluated them based on the context of the scenario.196	We are only shown the characters being spoken to.  They did not comment and we do not know what they are thinking or what their life experience has been.  I can't pass a moral judgement without more information.  197	"Because they are hypocrites and trying to just be nice infront of their friends, yet they do bad things either way.."198	"I didn't care for the characters mainly because they did not do these things ""on their own.""  They simply copied others."199	"I evaluated them the way I did, because I do some of those things. I am very guilty of ignoring my mother's phone calls. But in my defense, she calls all.the.time. I've also gotten out of jury duty before. I didn't lie to get out it though. In my opinion, I don't think the situations had all that to do with morality, really. They were just kind of everyday things that people do all the time.  /  / Does this make me untrustworthy? :) hmmmm."200	I have evaluate by reading well and  with my ideas.201	I evaluated by the way of their action..202	whether what they were doing was illegal or hurt others203	They were all hypocrites.  Each of them said they found something to be morally wrong then went and did that thing. / 204	"In general, I evaluated them by my personal beliefs on the situation and what they decided to do. "205	"Most of the people did fairly hypocritical things, but some of those things were also illegal."206	The characters are hypocritical and therefore I judged them based on their lack of character or their how flawed they are considering there way of thinking.207	"I evaluated them based on my own personal beliefs. I believe we waste our resources (namely trees) and should stop doing this. I think it's okay to ignore mom's calls sometimes unless it's urgent. I am not very concerned about illegally downloading music, but I don't do it."208	I tried to put myself in their situation and how I would have reacted. 209	I evaluated them on my feelings.210	"I went with my gut reactions for most of it. Otherwise, I based my answers on their actions."211	Because I didn't think it was nice of them to talk about an acquaintance and then go do the exact same thing they had just discussed.212	I don't care for people that expect others to do as they say but then go ahead and don't live that way themselves. 213	I evaluated them the way i did because I truely believe thats how i would think and react to a real person that would do those things in real life.214	"It is hard to judge a person on one act and I do not like to make a judgment until I have all the facts.  I don't know why he printed on one side of the paper or why she tried to get out of jury duty.  Although it appears hypocritical on the surface, it is possible extenuating circumstances that I am not aware of exist.  I prefer to give people the benefit of the doubt."215	I thought about instances in my life and applied my opinion through those situations.216	"I thought things that were more criminally illegal were more morally wrong. I judged this way also with family matters as a phone call from a family member could mean an emergency, so it's rather wrong to ignore family in my opinion. The single sided printing didn't seem like such a bad offense since that paper could still be later recycled."217	"I made a mistake in the first one and tried to go back and change it.  I put that Keith was not hypocritical, and I think he was.   /  / I interpreted the ""sometimes I do it"" as not that often at all.  When someone says 'it's morally wrong but sometimes I do it anyway', that tells me that there has to be extraordinary circumstances that would compel them to do the morally wrong thing. The survey didn't indicate any such circumstances so that is why I evaluated them the way I did."218	Being hypocritical about one thing does make person untrustworthy.219	"I think they were being hypocritical, and if you are going to act like that, you can't be trusted.  Also, ignoring a family member, especially your mom is just totally wrong.   "220	Know one wants jury duty. I think the prices they charge for downloading music is very expensive. Sometimes children don't want talk to mom.  Not coping double sided is a waste. It our trees.221	"I personally could not judge whether or not I thought someone was a good person, I liked them or not or if I felt they were trustworthy based on what information I was given.  I felt the only portrayal of the examples given were based on morals so I couldn't really give a sound answer on the other questions."222	There wasn't much to go on after the initial wording.  So I went with what I felt.223	"Because certain situations were rather trivial, others weren't."224	"Depended on the situation and the possibility of extenuating circumstances. For instance, perhaps he ignored his mother's call for a reason (busy, on the other line, etc).  The other situations seemed more cut and dry."225	There are exceptions to everything--ignoring a phone call once doesn't make you a bad person. It's what you do consistently. Printing something single-sided isn't going to land you on America's Most Wanted. If you are submitting the paper for some reason and can't have it double-sided should you do it anyway and face those consequences or just do what you are asked? Life's too ambiguoous to cast moral judgement so easily.226	"Based on each situation the level of moral, stealing ranked worse than using paper or missing a phone call."227	"I rated all of the characters as being somewhat hypocritical because they displayed actions that they believed were morally wrong. However, I felt that most of those actions were not morally wrong so they could still be considered honest, trustworthy and good people to some degree. "228	They all were behaving in ways that were slightly immoral.229	Because a lot of them where hypocritical 230	"They admitted that they sometimes did the things they thought were wrong, I give them credit for that instead of pretending they are better than the person they're talking about behind their back."231	"I evaluated all of the characters as very hypocritical because they went back on their words and ""morals."" However, I seemed to base the other questions off of how morally wrong I personally thought the issue was."232	"It generally depended on how morally wrong I thought the behavior was, but I tried to take into account the fact that they said it was morally wrong themselves."233	"I think it gets down to personal standards.   I would never ignore Mom's call, but I don't believe in stealing music online. "234	I evaluated them based on the wrongness of the thing they did and whether or not they commented on actions of others (none of them did). 235	Just by going off I have percieved them to be. Some of them like downloading illegally I wasn't sure if the person was trying to portray the person negatively or just mentioning it in general conversation.236	"Even though it was minor stuff, they were being hypocritical by condemning it then doing that exact thing."237	They all spoke badly about the actions of others and then went and did the same things.238	Because I didn't have enough information available to say whether I liked the person or if they were good or hypocritcal based on just one decision. People can influence our decisions at times. It doesn't mean we are a bad person or dishonest.239	"Some of the alleged offenses are of differing degrees, in my judgment.  Also, I don't know their mothers.  "240	"I don't care for hypocrisy.  I'd actually have a tad more respect for someone if they had not bad-mouthed a mutual acquaintance for doing the same exact thing.  If instead they had said, ""Oh Kyle does that?  I do, too.  I don't see anything wrong with it."" then at LEAST they wouldn't be hypocritical.  I still might not rank them as honest or trustworthy, though."241	"Out of frustration because there wasn't enough information to really judge. They here something and do it. I don't know why, maybe they aren't smart by learning something, but maybe they did learn something that made them smart. I can't judge if they are a hypocrite because maybe during the conversation the also said ""hey, I print one sided all the time!"" It was frustrating."242	"I thought they were all very honest for admitting their hypocrisy, but they were hypocritical nonetheless.  All of them seem like people I wouldn't like very much.  "243	"I feel that if you lie to your friend, then turn around and do exactly what you criticized somebody else for, you're not a very trustworth or honest person."244	"I evaluated their character based on their conversation with their friend, though I could not judge their entire character from that one comment."245	I evaluated the characters according to my own personal beliefs and values.246	There may have been other factors and reasons for the way that people behaved in these stories. I did not rank them on extreme ends of the spectrum because of this.247	talking bad about others while going on to do the same248	I ti hard to determine wheter or not a person is good or moral just because of one situation. For example: A person can print one sided and not be considered a bad person.249	"I concentrated on hypocrisy, likeability, and goodness. I gave different marks based on the nature of the offense. I ranked them in the following order (descending): harm to the environment, harm to property, harm to the state. The other scenarios were not worth mentioning."250	I evaluated the characters the way I did because they were all hypocrites. I don't under how they said something was morally wrong and did exactly what they said was wrong.251	Because of my moral convictions.252	I evaluated them in regard to my own personal feelings on the subject at hand.253	I went by how I felt about the wrongs this person did.  I used my own moral compass to guide me.254	"My evaluations were based upon how wrong I deemed their actions to be, and if any other individual was hurt by those actions."255	"I don't really care what others do and I feel much more friendly towards people who keep their mouths shut or do their best to say something positive and give others the benefit of a doubt than I do towards people who feel obligated to voice bitchy, mean or negative comment on practically every behavior they see others engage in, no matter how trivial or personal it may be."256	"I don't know how good, moral, honest they are by the one incident.  I don't know why they had to break their own moral decisions and do things the one time I know of to go against what they believe.  And I certainly might like them, whether they are moral or not.  I don't care for the gossipy ones, though."257	based on bad the act is in comparison to their conversation258	"MOST OF THE CHARACTERS WERE BLATANTLY HYPOCRITICAL, BUT SOME OF THEIR OFFENSES SEEMED WORSE THAN OTHERS.  ALSO, NONE OF THEM SEEMED ALL THAT HONEST OR TRUSTWORTHY TO ME IF THEY SAY THEY THINK SOMETHING IS WRONG AND THEN TURN AROUND AND DO THAT VERY SAME THING THEMSELVES.  I WOULD PROBABLY LEAST HARSHLY JUDGE THE GIRL WHO D/L MUSIC ILLEGALLY.  NOT B/C IT ISN'T WROMG BUT RATHER B/C SO MANY PEOPLE DO IT, PEOPLE OFTEN DON'T THINK ABOUT THE RIGHT OR WRONG OF IT.  THE PRINTER PAPER THING DID NOT SEEM IMMORAL TO ME, BUT IT WAS HYPOCRITICAL.  AND AS FOR THE CALLS AND JURY DUTY, THOSE THINGS WERE JUST PLAIN WRONG.  I DON'T THINK I WOULD MUCH LIKE THOSE TWO PEOPLE ESPECIALLY."259	Because in all of these situations it is wrong to be doing them.260	I based it on how I would judge my friends261	 i think the use of the word marl/ morality was inappropriate for some of these anyway i evaluated them going on my gut reactions some of these things weren't immoral just annoying262	I don't think well of people who espouse one set of beliefs and then act another way when it is to their benefit. / 263	"I didn't feel I had enough information to rate them in general.  However, if the person thought something was morally wrong and then went ahead and did it, I have little respect or trust in them.  Each situation is different though, and ignoring your mom's phone calls or wasting paper is sometimes justified.  Whereas I think doing something illegal, or trying to get out of jury duty is very wrong and should not be done at all."264	"If you can't live your own life based on the standards you put for other people, then you shouldn't put out the standards."265	I just thought about the way I think things should be.266	Because they said one thing and did another267	"they were doing what they had just condemned, but it wasn't anything serious or life-threatening. "268	By how much I thought it was morally wrong to have committed that transgression.269	"I feel that if someone is honest about their shortcomings, they are seen as being a better person; if a person publicly denounces an action, then privately performs that action, they are viewed as being hypocritical and not as good as honest people."270	For one they were telling the truth. They say it is morally wrong to do those things but it doesn't stop them from doing it. Therefore they have a sense of morals but tend to break them when it really doesn't mean that much. I just didn't like the people personally because everyone is quick to let everyone know where they stand morally. 271	If the person judged something to be wrong but admitted they did it anyway I didn't consider them to be too hypocritical because they were away of their actions. If they claimed to be against something yet did it anyway without saying they did it I'd trust them less.272	I don't feel that any of the situations that were presented here were serious enough to warrant distrust in the people represented.273	"I believe the things discussed don't really paint any of the characters in a negative light. You can print on only one side of the paper and still be a trustworthy person. It also doesn't mention how they were talking about the mutual acquaintance. Nothing negative was said about the mutual acquaintance.  It could be that they were discussing ways in which their friend tried to get out of jury duty, and then decided to try it."274	It was kind of hard because it does not say that they agreed or disagreed with the actions they were talking about. 275	You have to think of the possible circumstances that go along with the situation.276	"I don't like hypocrites.  If you say that something is morally wrong to someone else and then go and do it anyway, that's being a hypocrite, as well as dishonest.   I found these people to be untrustworthy as well since they flat out lied.  You should never say something is morally wrong and then do it yourself.  "277	"I didn't go to the extreme on any questions (with the exception of the ""hypocritical"" one) because there could have been extenuating circumstances in each situation."278	I did not have enough info to speak to the content of their character279	I based my evaluation on what the characters said versus what they did and on what I might do in their place280	We weren't given information on how they felt about the conversation- just that they were discussing it. I couldn't call them hypocritical because maybe they never said it was bad to begin with.281	"All were fairly petty arguments, but how I imagined them in my head made Kevin and the girls terrible compared to Bruce. "282	"I judged them on the level of hypocrisy and seriousness of the wrong. In some of the cases, such as ignoring a mother's call, it is possible that he was busy just at that second and would immediately call her back later. So, I judged that less hypocritical than downloading music, which given the multitude of options for listening to music legally now a days, is really inexcusable if you truly believe that it is morally wrong."283	"If you go out and get on a soapbox in front of one of your friends and preach about morals, and then go home and do the complete opposite, you're a crappy person and a big hypocrite."284	They are hypocrites and therefore you really can't trust what they say. This doesn't make this bad people though.285	I thought they were all more hypocritical than bad people but there seems to be something worse about illegal activity (downloading music) and avoiding civic duty (trying to get out of jury duty). 286	"Mostly because, in each instance, it wasn't the person addressed in the questions who was judgmental - it was the person speaking to the person addressed in the questions."287	Based on what I thought288	Because I generally see hypocrites as untrustworthy people289	"It wasn't because I thought what they did was wrong or not.  It was because they remind me of a certain kind of hypocrite that I really don't like.   /  / For example, I don't think you should have to go to jury duty.  A person who supports that out loud, but skips it when nobody is looking, is a hypocrite and is trying to advance the oposite cause that I agree with simultaneously.  "290	I didn't have much information about their honesty or other personality traits to make broad evaluations of their character.291	I think that if you believe in anything then you should stand by your beliefs292	"I gave the characters some credit for admitting they sometimes did the 'wrong' thing.  I graded people a bit more harshly when the reason why people usually do the wrong thing is because they didn't think of the situation morally, and the conversation would make it more hypocritical since they had been thinking of it."293	"It was most important that the person's actions weren't hurting anyone else.  For instance, anyone might try to get out of jury duty, but it is very rude and callous to ignore your mother's phone calls."294	"I think people do not realize that their own actions can affect society, in general. "295	"I think that statements like ""morally wrong"" are very bold, and that people would only use that term if they were speaking to something they are passionate about, but the second statement admitting ""they tend to do it anyways"" Shows that they are mis-represented in their statement of thinking it is ""morally wrong."" I think I would have answered differently if the question was, X person constantly states how wrong it is to ""download illegal music"" but then they do it anyways. Then I would be judgmental of that person and at different scales based on the ""how wrong it is"" index. "296	Because I think that it is wrong to call a person out on something and then turn around and do the exact same thing.297	Don't know them personally to judge their characters off these actions298	Based off how hypocritical I thought they were being based off how I felt about the morality of the issue in question.299	"I don't like hypocrisy, and all these characters displayed this trait. However, I tempered my evaluations, realizing that there may be legitimate reasons for their behavior."300	"The scenarios said that the two were discussing a mutual friend; however, it did not mention in what manner he or she was being discussed.  I did not know if they were speaking positively or negatively about that person, and then performing the same action themselves.  Therefore, I could not rate them very positively or negatively myself."301	"It's difficult. I don't know who they are or anything about their personality except that they're hypocrites. Everyone is hypocrite; however, some actions just bug me more than others. Wasting paper is one pet peeve."302	That's how I initially felt about the situation.303	Somewhat304	They are lying.305	"I used the severity of the things that they did wrong. Like how the guy ignored the call from his mom, I rated him lower than the girl who pirated music, because I think not answering your mom's phone calls is worse."306	"I evaluated them based on my own personal views, beliefs, and opinions"307	I went with my gut instinct after reading the situations they were in.308	They weren't doing horrible things but still made bad choices.309	I based them on my personal beliefs310	"I thought people who were hypocritical regarding illegal actions or civic duties were less trustworthy than people who were hypocritical with social conventions. There could be several reasons for ignoring a phone call, regardless of who it's from. I don't answer calls while in the bathroom or while eating.  /  / Jury duty, unless you have an actual legitimate excuse, is the civic duty of every US citizen. Citizenship is a privilege, and jury duty is one of the things you have to do to keep it. Downloading music illegally is illegal. Period."311	Because none of those things are really that bad312	I based my assessment on serious I viewed moral weight and or potential cause for harm. For the paper I felt the character was self righteous. 313	"Because I think doing those things things like downloading illegally from the internet, ignoring your mom's phone call and missing jury duty is just  morally wrong. However using too much paper was the least moral."314	How strongly I felt about the situation315	"I always look at the extent of the ""action"" - in other words, if someone is trying to get out of jury duty, it does not mean that person is immoral - it could mean many different things such as simply not wanting to, nervous about it, doesn't want to take the time, doesn't feel capable, etc.  I don't believe it has anything to do with morals.  Conserving on paper is important, but one person in an office is probably not the only person in the office wasting paper - it's up to the company policy to place rules and restrictions on office supplies usage.  Again, has nothing to do with morals - more to do with apathy or laziness.  Not answering a mother's phone call, however, would be different in that the call could be very important and it would be respectful at least to answer the call.  A person with good morals would give a few minutes of their time for a family member."316	"Everyone has the right to have their own opinions and form their own code of ethics. However, to scrutinize someone for doing something you claim to not approve of, while you're guilty of doing the exact same thing, is completely wrong."317	Because they were hypocritical by lying to their friends.318	It's a big world filled the possibilities of major wrongs - all of these are minor wrongs and have no real bearing on whether I would like these people or not or whether they're 'good' people or not.319	It was the situation they were involved in320	Some seemed worse offenses than others.321	I felt their were situations in which the action could be excused because there are things the general population tends to lie about or behave dishonestly about. 322	It was just  based on how moral I thought their acts were or weren't ...nothing special323	Based on the information provided that was my opinion of them324	"Though none of them did anything horribly wrong, I feel it is inappropriate to point out someone else's faults (behind their back) when they have the same faults."325	They all seemed rather hypocritical to be talking about it publicly with a friend and then doing the same things later themselves. It's one thing to consider something morally wrong and a completely different thing to be one of those people who goes around talking about how morally righteous they are. 326	Based on my perceptions of the individual and their actions in the face of their statements.327	I didn't think many were too morally wrong.  I did not feel like I knew enough about the person to generally say wether they were trustworthy or not328	Based on the salient info give by the hupotheticals.329	the way i feel about each in my life. i love trees330	I assumed that the characters were in agreement in the discussion even though the scenario did not explicity state that.  331	because it was my impression of them332	I just went with my gut feelings and tried not to over think.333	"I think it is hypocritical to consider something wrong and then do it any way, but a single factor such as doing a specific thing in a hypocritical way is not enough information for me to judge is a person is ""good"", ""trustworthy"" and such.  It demonstrated a certain amount of honest for them all to admit to their friends that they were hypocrits, but they were still beind dishonest to various degrees in the actions themselves. "334	they all said not to do something then they did it themselves335	"Sometimes even admitting you do wrong shows trustworthiness. Doing the bad deed is often not as bad as the lying about NOT doing it. So in cases where one person admitted to sometimes doing a bad thing, at least they were being honest."336	"When it comes to morals I like to evaluate what situations puts a person at risk, harms another person, and is against a law. That is how I evaluated the characters the way I did."337	By their actions and the weight of their actions338	"I thought they were not trustworthy, and that he or she would lie or be hypocritical in many situations."339	I felt like making someone feel bad for something you are doing is very hypocritical and shows how selfish that persons is. They seemed like the type of people who hold everyone to a high standard and pretend to be perfect themselves.340	They all admitted that they knew it was wrong yet did it anyway341	Because of the information given to me and ability to answer the questions.342	I don't know those people and they could have said what they said just to agree with the other person. You can't judge a person unless you know them and even then they may have reasons for what they do.343	I based them on the fact that they were talking about an acquaintance behind their back about something then proceeded to do the exact same thing.344	"Because I think ignoring your mother is a lousy thing to do. I also am offended by being wasteful. I do understand the unwillingness of obligations, such as jury duty, but it is part and parcel of being a citizen. What compounded matters more was the hypocritical behavior."345	"I based my evaluations on the information that was provided.  Questions of whether or not I 'like' someone based on such little information made me give a generally 'above average' rating for such questions. / As far as the morals of what the individuals were doing, I based my answers on my own opinions and history related to the subjects being discussed."346	Based on my own opinions of their behaviors and how relatable they were.347	Because they didn't do anything too harmful. Who cares??348	I did not really want to judge them as being hypocritical because the other person in the scenario made the complaints.  If they were the one bringing up the issues then doing the exact same thing I would have said they were being hypocritical.349	Because they all participated in something or tried to get out of doing something just like in everyday society.350	"I guess alot is pretty much middle of the road. There are things we ALL do that we don't like in ourselves and when we see it in someone else we judge them for it. Parents are number one, I would not like to see anyone avoid their mom but sometimes we do. No one likes jury duty, at least not me, I have avoided it before and feel weird about having done so. I've wasted paper and done these type of things I give my self a guilt trip sometimes. Doing these things is one thing, live with yourself. But doing them and preaching to others about how wrong it is another."351	"For the most part it is hard to evaluate a personality off of one action, but because they participated in what some may consider to be a ""devious"" behavior, I rated them all most strongly toward not being hypocritical, due to the fact if they participate in these ""devious"" activities, they are less likely to judge others for doing ""devious"" things as well."352	"if a person is being a liar about what they feel, then they should not say anything."353	that they said it was wrong then followed by doing the same thing as the other person354	"I really didn't have enough information to evaluate the characters simply by the one action. I tempered my evaluations by the fact that I didn't know any more about the person. Not answering a phone call from your mother, getting out of jury duty and all of the scenarios presented could have mitigating factors that made the person act the way that they did."355	They were all hypocritical because they said one thing (judging others) then did the very thing that they were judgemental about.  I based my evaluation of their behaviors on what I deemed morally acceptable and not.356	"I judged their actions based on what they said earlier.  Some of the conversations didn't mention specifics.  So, it was hard to judge their actions sometimes.  It was easier to judge them based on the fact that they chose to talk about a certain subject.  This allowed me to draw some conclusions about them."357	"Anything that has to do with family (especially your mother) should be top priority. Also, there's just printing off a few pages, and then there's being a complete jerk. That's one of my biggest pet peeves; when people use more than they should. It's annoying and wasteful. I can't stand it when I'm on campus in a computer lab and I see someone print out an entire textbook from the computer. The whole thing. Every single page. Why would anyone do that?"358	I felt that th eperson talking should be the one hyprocritical not the person listening.  Just cause someone talking ot you doesnt make you align with there morals.359	There is some range in the amount of dishonesty given the different scenarios but wrong is wrong.  It's really just a matter of degrees.  360	The serious scenario was ignoring mothers calls. What if it is an emergency? So that was graded more harsh. I did not think the characters hypocryitical if they admitted to sometimes doing things they felt were wrong.  361	"I assume that the person (the subject) I evaluated agreed with the person who gossiped about a third person.  I dislike people who gossip, and my dislike included the subject person.  I also thought the subject person implicitly was critical of the third person, and so the subject person's actions were hypocritical and dishonest."362	Based on my own morality363	"I think that most people are inherently good/moral/trustworthy. I don't think trying to get out of Jury duty, or use too much paper makes them ""bad"" or that not doing those things makes them ""good"" "364	The characters seemed to judge others by a standard that they weren't willing to live up to themselves.365	I evaluated them based on my opinion of how severe the situation is.366	No367	Because I don't know the characters backgrounds it's hard to say they are not good or honest people. There could be a good reason in each scenario that the person did what they did.368	Based on my own actions. 369	Because I felt that some situations were worse than others. 370	Some of the actions are illegal and others were not. Ignoring phone calls can be because you are stressed or very busy. Printing on one side only is not that bad.371	They were all hypocritical.  Looking back at my answers I realize that maybe I shouldn't have judged so harshly.372	based on the little information I recieved373	"For the most part, I didn't have enough information to evaluate the person because of their actions. Even the guy that ignored his mother's phone call. While I wouldn't do that because I have a very good relationship with my parents, maybe his mother is a bad person and it's not healthy to have her involved in his life. There was simply not enough information to make a reasoned moral judgement on any of the people."374	"Because one action or conversation doesn't determine a person's character. Also, we don't know all the underlying factors in each scenario."375	I evaluated the characters based on the situation and how severe I felt each of the actions were.376	I find that alot of people have forgotton what morals and values are nowadays.  that is why this country has so many problems.  People need to do the right thing.  parents need to teach what morals and values are.377	I don't know enough about them. It's not like they specifically said they would not do the things they wound up doing. 378	Thought of myself.379	I judged them based upon what the action was.  Some actions are worse than others.  Some actions make people sound not just hypocritical but snobs as well.  I took all that into account.380	They are all minor moral issues that really don't have a lot of bearing on the persons actual character.381	Most were hypocritical but the situations did not say how they felt about the mutual acquaintances. 382	"Morality is not a hard and fast rule, it's a slippery slope that people use to judge others ( although rarely themselves)."383	Based on discussion prior to acting and what the impact on others.384	"I don't really think it's morally wrong to ignore your mother's calls. Printing using one-sided printing isn't immoral, although it is a waste. To me, the worst was trying to get out of jury duty."385	One incident doesn't make me trust/not trust them or like/not like them.386	"I evaluated based off of how likely I was to perform each of those acts myself. For example, I may be someone who tries to get out of jury duty, but I do not ignore my mother's phone calls."387	"Kind of vague but i assume your asking if my personal feeling affected my conclusions. yes, yes they did."388	"Some were honest and others were not so honest. I think we can only be as honest as others allow us to be. by that, I mean, honor how you feel but also be careful of those sensitive to how you feel as well. "389	I did based on my opinions.390	The evaluation was based on how honest those people were with others and themselves. Being hypocritical is a despicable quality. 391	Based on how I would feel about someone and what they did in real life.  I put myself into the situation.392	Based on how I felt about their actions.393	"I evaluated them based on my perception of the socio/moral 'categories' to which each scenario applied. I think all of the people are honest because they admitted to their wrongdoings and acknowledged their hypocritical behaviors by stating that what they were doing was wrong to them. I chose who I liked based on the topics; downloading music illegally, dodging jury duty, printing a lot single-sided, and ignorning a phone call from mum. Each one of these items fits into a different category of which I have different opinions regarding their social importance."394	"I evaluated depending on the severity of their actions. Using more paper than needed doesn't seem very bad to me, but ignoring calls from your own mother seems really bad to me."395	Even though they were dont things that they though was morally wrong they admitted to it.  396	They weren't the ones who were talking about the other people.397	"What they did is a minor breach, but not significant enough to be criticized "398	I don't necessarily think being hypocritical makes you a bad person.  Especially not given the scenarios provided - they were all fairly minor.399	"Generally, I did not have any strong opinions one way or the other, but didn't want to leave the bars in the very middle. I was not expecting to be asked why I evaluated them the way I did or I would have left them all in the middle and submitted my survey like that. "400	"It's difficult to really tell how trustworthy, honest, or hypocritical is on singular acts. Sure, someone might think that printing single sided is wrong, but sometimes you have to do it, anyway. Sure, someone might think downloading music illegally is wrong, but also the music industry gouges it's listeners, anyway (I mean, a Justin Beiber doll? C'mon.) "401	Because I tried to take an outside look at the characters instead of judging them based on how I felt402	"People that lie about little things tend to be more untrustworthy than those that lie about larger things. Typically, if a person lies about something big, it is super important. However, lying about the little things is just in poor taste."403	"I rated them based on how bad I thought the offence was, or how hypocritical I thought they were being. "404	I thought about people I know in real life who are very similar to these characters and based my answers and observations off of them to answer the questions. 405	"It would depend on the transgression, and whether it is illegal or just immoral to do whatever they did. I also judged on whether they said it was completely wrong, then did it themselves, or admitted to doing it themselves as well."406	"Although downloading music illegally is wrong, it common within the population.  Whereas, jury duty is a civil responsibility.  Your mother, despite possibly getting on your nerves, deserves your respect (in most cases). Whereas, wasting paper is killing the environment."407	I based it off of the description. They were all hypocritical.408	"They acted in a way that while not illegal, could have been better. So I rated them as slightly bad, across the board."409	"They were honest about being dishonest. It was a bit of a quandary. I don't think they're bad people, and they certainly didn't say anything hypocritical. "410	"Based on personal experience, I would have reacted similarly or vastly differently to the characters, and so I based my decisions on that."411	being honest with my opinions412	They didn't practice what they preached.  Hypocrytical behavior.  They are acting like politicians.413	"Some of the actions could have extenuating circumstances, for example his mother might call every 5 minutes and that time he chose not to answer. Some people who are self-employed cannot afford to lose whole days of work by accepting jury duty. Printing on one side is sometimes required by the type of job it is or the requester of the printing. I do agree that stealing music online is morally wrong. But I didn't suggest it was Totally morally wrong because when compared to murder, it is not a violent offense."414	It's hard to criticize someone with so little context.415	"if they admitted they made the same choices, i was more lenient"416	"Well, printing paper one-sided has nothing to do with morals, but I didn't like the character because it's stupid to even talk about that in relation to morals, the not calling your mom thing is pretty mean and immoral, and then getting out of jury duty is not immoral, jury duty is ridiculous lol, I hate it, and downloading music ""illegally"" is something everyone does, I don't think it's immoral."417	"I don't think one scenario creates an accurate vision of how good a person is.  Also, there may have been more information needed to correctly understand the scenarios.  "418	"They were all pretty hypocritical and dishonest, but it's hard to judge who they are overall [also, note: I think I slid the slider the wrong way for a couple questions on the first example. I meant to lean towards hypocritical/dishonest etc.] "419	BECAUSE I DIDN'T HAVE MUCH INFORMATION TO JUDGE THE CHARACTERS.420	"I think its human nature for us to say what's the right thing to do, and yet still do it anyway.  Ignoring a mother's phone call on occasion is not an absolute horrible thing.  I'm sure we've all done it at one time or another.  However, had the survey taken it a bit further and said that the person didn't return mom's phone call later after ignoring it, my view would probably have been different.  /  / We are all guilty of being hypocritical.  Just a matter or whether its large or small."421	In only 1 case did I think the character was being hypocritical.  I was just being honest.422	I just used my best judgment.  I imagined them being friends of mine and how I would evaluate them.423	Hoonesty424	I judged them based on what the average human would do and morality of the action in question.425	The characters I judged were not the ones who mentioned the behaviors that they engaged in. They are probably decent people and were not hypocritical in their actions because they were not decrying the behavior mentioned.426	I used my morale.427	depending on the situation and what is was they were hypocritically doing themselves 428	I judged by the action they did/ didn't do's severity.429	Thats just how the situations made me feel.430	They basically complained about things and then did them 431	I thought about my own behaviors in those situations432	I don't like hypocritical people.  I  think they were somewhat honest and not necessarily bad people.433	The questions were more on the vague side a personal judgement call.  There was not anything that specified things like it is company policy to print on both sides of the paper.  434	"I felt that it was more wrong to steal than to ignore a phone call, get out of jury duty, or waste paper. I feel that if you personally think that something is morally wrong, but do it anyway then you are showing that you do not stand up to your own set of beliefs.  Maybe they should reevaluate what they believe. "435	I know people who both are good people and do the things spoken about in this surfer436	BECAUSE THEY SAY ONE THING ABOUT SOMTHING AND DID THE SAME THING THEY SAID WAS WRONG437	some of their actions don't make a large impact on others. The ones who are hurting others through their actions are more objectionable than the ones who are only hurting themselves438	In our society it has become commonplace for people to lie and I think that is wrong.439	Based on the scenarios. 440	Depends on the seriousness of what they did441	"Jury duty is a totally hateable thing.  I've done it and don't think it makes me bad to want to avoid.  If they made it more citizen-friendly, then we could talk about the moral right or wrong.  Downloading music, while illegal, I don't think makes you a bad reason.  It's costly to buy it, and if you're computer savvy, easy to not.  I think the not talking to your mother and not printing double-sided are both wrong because they negatively effect areas directly.  We need to stand up for our environment and you only have one mom.  Rich musicians and the government and laws are easy to not feel morally terrible about; the earth and relatives are."442	"I thought it was funny they say one thing and then do the opposite. I like people who are honest and do what they say they will do, not just tell you what they think you want to hear. You can't trust or believe these people, so I don't think I would like them very much or trust them very much. It also depended on action they were hypocritical about."443	I value honest people.444	"I didn't feel that I could judge any of the individuals very well on the question of whether they were ""good"" or ""bad,"" because each scenario focused on one specific behavior.  I found each of the behaviors --downloading music illegally, wasting paper, ignoring your mom's phone calls, trying to get out of jury duty-- to be wrong, but not as morally wrong as, say, driving drunk or committing a murder.  Of the four behaviors that I recall, I would say downloading music illegally might be the worst, since there is an actual victim --someone who created a song and isn't being paid.  As for jury duty, it's not right to try to get out of it for no good reason --but I've been in a jury pool with someone who didn't want to be there --and the system is better off without someone like that anyway.  Wasting paper hurts the environment and thus hurts us all, but it seems more diffuse.  As for mom --well-- it would all depend on how often someone ignored those phone calls.  We all do it once and a while, no?"445	I think it sometime human nature to see the faults in others and sometimes not in yourself but I don't think it makes you a totally bad or immoral person to use poor judgement.446	I PRETTY MUCH EVALUATED THEM ALL THE SAME WAY. WHEN YOU KNOW SOMETHING IS WRONG WHY DO IT AND THEN CRITICIZE OTHERS FOR DOING THE SAME THING.447	Because they did not practice what they believe448	"I tried to remember that each of them were somewhat honest people for admitting they do these things anyway; however, there's something inherently distrustful about someone who talks about an acquaintance behind their back about something they do already. Except for a couple of issues that hit home to me personally (my biased opinion on the subject), I felt that my answers all should have been almost exactly the same in each scenario. And logically, I know, whether or not they are a  ""good person"" isn't something I can fairly judge based on only one facet of their behavior. This fact made me want to leave the slider exactly in the middle for each of those scenarios. It felt wrong to judge them with a lack of information."449	I based the rating off the activity in which they engaged. Everybody tries to get out of jury duty and most have no problem with downloading music. The things that the common person does don't really affect my opinion of someone as much as someone that ignores their mother. You should not ignore your mother. You should respect your mother.450	Nobody likes a gossip or a tattle tail. 451	I would need more information than what was given to make judgments on their character. 452	"I think overall, these types of decisions are not ones that would make me like a person or not.  I have an issue with them saying one thing and doing another.  "