id	reason1	I thought about how the other person would interact based on my conversation with the person.2	There are different kinds of people trustworthy and cheating people. We can always go with trustworthy poeple so that tention and unwanted worries will be less in life.  I always go with the genuine people.3	I don't know much about the other person in the scenario so I have no reason to positively or negatively judge him/her. Therefore most of my responses were middle of the road except where I felt the situation which was described naturally predicates certain behavior.4	"I did not feel like I had enough information to make an informed judgement, hence my answers remaining neutral. "5	I made my judgements based on how I would feel in the situations given.6	"I generally like and trust people more who claim they feel those ways about those subjects, even if it may not be true."7	i don't really trust anyone.8	"I don't really judge people, for the most part I try and be indifferent to others in my life. Without a history of how people act, I rate my trust as somewhere in the middle normally."9	I based them off of the information provided and off of my gut feelings.10	based upon the situations and who i spoke to11	I made my judgments based on what each person I had my conversation with said. 12	I didn't know if they were cheating or not but i trusted what they said to a small degree.13	I kind of went down the middle of the choices...I didnt really know enough if anything at all to really make judgements.14	I basically went by what little information I had - and I knew things were going on - so I didn't trust them as much. 15	"I usually like to defer judgement until I know someone. For the most part, I tried to limit my judgements about the other people unless I heard something about them through someone else."16	"Since I really know nothing about the person I was making judgements on, I generally gave them the benefit of the doubt."17	There was not enough information to make judgements of most of the people in the scenarios.18	"I assumed that everyone I spoke to was lying, and were attempting to convince people that they weren't doing any socially unacceptable actions. What drove me to believe this was the word ""emphasized""."19	"Just because a person said they did or didn't participate in certain activities, I did not feel that they were all telling the truth. People that don't know you tend to say what they think you want to hear. So I based my decisions as if they were telling me what they thought I wanted  to hear."20	I just sort of went with my gut feeling.21	"Since no evidence was given that the person we evaluated did negative things, I gave them the benefit of the doubt.  "22	I based my judgements on my own personal beliefs and determining how I would act in the given situations.23	just people in general how they are24	On the basic context I had to judge 25	Common sense?26	I felt there is nothing to know about one of the group members from talking to a different group member only about his/her own preferences.27	"The only time I interpreted a conversation as a deliberate insinuation about the other person was in the office setting.  That is because the two women frequently worked together as partners.  The partner I was speaking with stressed her own reliability as a partner, which intimated that her partner was less than reliable.  In the other scenarios, there was no direct evidence that the speaker was making an insinuation about someone else."28	I used my gut intuition.29	Based upon the response of the person about the conversation30	"I was given no true information regarding the subjects and therefore they are in the middle as neither proven or disproven. I would make my ""judgments"" with personal observations of my own."31	"I used my knowldege of past situations. If people used to tell me they didn't do a certain activity, that tended to be true in most cases."32	I thought of how I would react and feel in such a situation that was described.33	"I really couldn't make judgments about anyone as I knew nothing about them, so I usually rated 4 in each category."34	"I do not dislike people right off the bat, but they need to prove themselves to me. I am neutral toward someone until they prove themselves. The same goes for trust, but I am not very trustful toward men and anyone in the realm of cheating in school due to past experiences. "35	I based my judgements on the situations stated.  I felt the people descibed were being honest and felt no reason to doubt them.36	I read everything carfefully and just went with my gut instinct.37	"I barely knew the people and hadn't talked to them, so I didn't make many judgments about them- with someone who is on my team, or a coworker, I had slightly higher trust because they already made the team/were accepted for the job and I generally trust the people making those decisions."38	Based on what information I had.39	How can you determine how you would trust / like someone whom you don't even know?  Therefore I took a neutral position in all of my answers.  You cannot make a judgement on someone that you don't know by talking to someone that you know very little about.40	If the person I was having a conversation with mentioned they were strongly against something I trusted them on their word.41	I based it on what I personally held as high standards and values.42	I didn't really know enough about any of the people besides a broad generalization of the group.  So I mostly stuck around the middle thinking that I neither trusted nor distrusted them.43	"I just by my gut feeling and sex, name and how I imagine the person."44	I determined if they were open about themselves45	I cannot judge people only by gossip. 46	"The only question that was hard to answer was if I liked the person.  I wouldn't know if I like them, but from what I was told, I would more than likely trust them."47	It was hard to make these judgements because I was not given very much information on the subject. I basically used the last statement of the exercise to make my decisions. The statement of whether or not they supported the morally questionable action is what I used to decide how I felt about the individual.48	Based on the given information. Judgments were loosely based considering the minimal information provided. 49	I based them on the fact that I generally trust people but in these situations I didn't have enough knowledge to know. So I played it safe and generally trusted them more than not.50	"I made my judgements based on how I could relate to the characters, as well as my gut feelings."51	Went with my own instinct52	I didn't know enough about the other person (whom I wasn't speaking with) to make judgments on their character.53	I trusted that they were telling me the truth.54	"In each scenario, there was a general acceptance of each person I was questioned about. If those people were morally corrupt, they probably wouldn't still be in the field they were placed. "55	None56	Randomly57	"There was nothing to judge them on.  They each claimed to be honest and not do anything wrong.  I chose to most accept what they said to be the truth, but experience has taught me that most people lie -- so I took what they said to be what they WANTED me to believe."58	"I tried to trust what the people said, but I didn't always have absolute trust in what they said. So, I was slightly skeptical but mostly believing."59	Without additional context I found it hard to form any sort of judgement about the people asked about.60	"Since i didnt know anything about these people, i really didnt trust them "61	"I don't see how one person's statements should affect my perception of someone else. They weren't necessarily talking about the other person, so it is kind of difficult to judge them one way or another."62	"I based my judgements on the facts. Without detailed information regarding each scenario, it is difficult to make accurate decisions. Based off of that, I made generalized decisions that each person is trustworthy and honest."63	I don't know. I just went with my gut.64	I just went with my first reaction to the situation and the person in their context. based it on how I would feel in real life65	It's hard to gauge the person that I've never interacted with so I wasn't sure how they are.66	There were just about no judgements made.  I did not know anything about the person I was not talking to so I couldn't say whether or not I trusted/thought they cheat/ etc.67	I went purely off of trust.68	"The way I am, all my interactions with people are based on trust, irrespective of whether I like them or not."69	"People generally speaking are unlikely to do the specific behaviors listed (so prior probability is not high), and I am generally trusting. "70	"I generally like people that are truthful. I trust that this interaction with these people was truthful, although you never know that for sure. I gave these people the benefit of the doubt though that they were being honest in their conversations with me."71	"I went with the general information given in the paragraph and trusted the person I was ""having a conversation with"" to determine the other person's behavior."72	Intuition?73	"Because I did not have any interaction with the person in particular, I reserved judgement"74	"I like to give people the benefit of the doubt. If I have no reason to distrust someone, I'll trust them a reasonable amount."75	Through logic and based on what information was presented.76	I just trusted most people when tney said they were disapproving and figured so was the other person.77	I read the material and then closed my eye to make answers. 78	"I tried to be mostly fair, since we didn't know the person most the questions were being asked about, however I generally don't trust people I don't know so even went a tick below neutral."79	"The school cheating one- that's the one where I could see a lot of cheating, because there's huge pressure to do well, and large consequences for doing poorly.  The rest, it just doesn't seem like there's big pressure to do well or, to explain simply, there's not a lot of pressure or incentive to do the wrong thing."80	I did not want to pass judgements without knowing anything about the subject.81	I figured that I could trust the judgment and that they did the same.82	Gut reaction on how I judged them.83	I generally chose mid-range ratings... if the person told me they were (insert positive phrase/word here) I tended to believe them and therefore rated them more highly than average. 84	"I'm generally kind of trustworthy, so I was likely to give everyone the benefit of the doubt. I think I was most optimistic with the relationship/hiking club scenario. In general, I assumed that there were more than just the three of us in each hypothetical, and as such the person I didn't talk to was no more or no less likely to engage in the bad behavior described."85	"I made my judgements based on what the situation was and what the ""bad thing"" was (i.e. cheating on an exam, slacking at work, drugs, etc.)"86	"I had no information at all about the people in the questions so, by default, I assumed they were average and chose the middle option for them."87	Knowing that people in a group are either honest or dishonest doesn't help in categorizing specific individuals within that group.88	"In most scenarios, I placed my judgements somewhere in the middle, simply because I had no reason to either trust or distrust, or like or dislike, the people I was judging. "89	"i was pretty neutral, it is hard to make sweeping judgements based on just that little amount of info on one person"90	I liked the people who also follow my own moral beliefs.91	The fact that one person says that they are not of a particular persuasion has no effect on the other person.92	I just read it and then went with my instinct. 93	I used context clues based on the situations. 94	Just making general assumptions / 95	I tried to be fair and reasonable in my determinations - In all scenarios we had no /real/ information about the person in questions96	It's hard to make any judgements when you don't speak to the person that you're discussing.  I tend to think that whoever voices their disapproval is more than likely the culprit.97	"Being asked to trust somebody without meeting them is hard, so I took the 50/50 chance "98	Based on perceptions of the topic and how likely it is people lie about the topic.99	"I had very little to go on, so I just treat the people that  I didn't have information on like I would people I know in life, or how I would treat them if I knew them in real life."100	I imagined if I was in the situation and what I would do.101	"I didn't know anything about the persons I was being questioned on. I only knew the thoughts and feelings of other individuals. I neither overly trusted or distrusted anyone I was questioned about and tried to keep a neutral, open mind about them."102	I trusted what the people said.103	"Listening to what the person said, they didn't give any reason not to trust them"104	I generally trust people.105	hard to make judgement on them because i do not know them personally so i try to stay neutral106	I thought about what people might gain from cheating or being unfaithful and the scenarios they were place in.107	"I was less likely to trust someone sharing their opinion about things where the admission of such things would do greater harm. For example, drug use could result in imprisonment and romantic cheating could result in divorce. Cheating on tests and poor work behavior weighed lighter to me."108	I could not make a judgement about one partner based on the conversations I had with the other partner.109	depending on what the circumstance was and how likely I thought the other person was to do the thing that was mentioned.  110	The conspiracy that unfolded made me feel like the other person was judged. So I felt in many situations I could not trust the other individual mentioned in the group.111	I mostly judged people to reliably report their own behavior based on their opinions of others theoretically engaging in that behavior.  But for someone complaining about unreliable work partners I would be more concerned that they were actually the problem and not their partners.112	$$113	I did not know anything about an of them and have no reason to discern what they might or might not be doing.114	"I considered my relationship with the person in question and also based my judgement on how much info I was given, along with what I would really do in that situation in my own life."115	thinking about the question and giving my honest answer116	I made them based on pretty much little info other than the fact the two people mentioned probably had contact with each other.117	The characters showed moral thinking which will translate to other areas of life.118	to the best of the person i was talk to119	Basically I had to rely somewhat on what was being insinuated to make decisions.120	I went with my gut feeling.121	They had nice names.122	Based off the context of what was going on. The likely hood of failing to meet deadlines at work is typically lower than cheating in class ~123	I think about how I would realstically feel in each situation.124	this hit seems well thought out125	"Most chose the neutral position; there was little info to base judgement by talking to the other person, although the hiking and team scenarios had somewhat influenced a more positive judgement as those activities are voluntary."126	Mostly by gut feelings somewhat biased. 127	"The scenarios gave information about one person and asked questions about the other, so it was as if we didn't know them at all. There was no trust or distrust, no reason of suspecting them of doing anything negative or positive at all. "128	Based on the information given in the text.129	Well I had no information on the person that was asked about so I went in the middle because I had no information to base a answer on. 130	I couldn't really make much of a judgement based on such little information.131	I read the passages and made my decisions based on the information I was told.132	"I'm a very trusting person and take people at their word until they give me reason to feel otherwise. If they claimed they felt a certain way, I took them at their word."133	"Just because one person said they didn't regularly cheat or were lazy (etc.), didn't necessarily mean that the other person cheated or was lazy (etc.). In the first scenario, I nudged one of my answers to 4, closer to ""more likely"" only because it seemed that the company was small, so for Rachel (Rebecca?) to say she always met deadlines, there was a slightly higher chance that Tina didn't."134	"There wasn't enough information to form any sort of conclusion about the people that I was asked about, so i had to give a neutral answer.  Just because some other person suspects someone of doing something, doesn't mean it is true, and without any further knowledge, it is unfair to judge."135	"The person I interacted with was never the person you asked about.  Since I have no basis for this person, I just picked the middle of the road option.  I cannot say if I like them or not since I just do not know them."136	"I didn't have any reason to trust or distrust the person that I was asked about in the scenarios, so I was neutral."137	There was no basis for judging whether these people did the wrong thing or not. The only real concern is their desire to gossip. This made me unable to fully trust them.138	"Based on what the person said, although i was least trusting of the athlete. Seeing as i hardly knew each person in the scenario I coudlnt full trust them."139	there was no information given about the person in question so just stayed middle of the road.140	Based on the very little information I had. I am genuinely very trustful until someone does something to make me thing otherwise.141	"I felt I was more likely to trust or like people outside of work or school - we clearly have other things in common already, such as extra-curricular activities, so it seemed easier to guess their actions if they were already a bit like me."142	"I knew nothing about the people that were asked about. Conversation about them never even came up, thus I had to go with neutral across the board."143	WITH CONVERSATION WITH THW PEOPLE.144	Based on personal experience with similar situations in my life.145	I tried to base my opinion on just people in general not taking in account how the other conversed.146	"It was all instinctive, as I knew nothing about any of the people in the answers. "147	"I simply don't feel that i was given enough information to draw conclusions about the various people's trustworthiness. The fact that someone says ""I would never cheat"" doesn't count for much in the absence of other information. Therefore, I chose the most neutral response available."148	"I feel like there wasn't enough information in the storylines to make a fair judgement, only being able to judge them on a single statement."149	"I tried to use my intuition, since there wasn't sufficient information available to make a rational judgment."150	I chose what was correct in my opinion.151	"I assume that most of my peers that I'm talking to aren't compulsive liars.  If they say that they disapprove of something, I would usually believe them unless something indicated otherwise.  This builds my trust with them."152	having no information about the person in question i based it in what i believe the average person is likely to do153	"I read about the scenarios and tried to make judgements based on the two people presented. It was difficult, however, since I was given no information on the people I was asked to judge and rate. I had to make completely blind assumptions."154	there was limited inofrmation provided to allow fair judgements to be made155	"I made my judgments based on how I felt people would normally act in this situation. I wasn't ever talking to the people I was being questioned about, so it was somewhat difficult to determine how they would act without talking to them personally."156	"Given the lack of information, no real judgements were made."157	I felt I couldn't make a judgement from only talking with the other person in each scenario. So I chose an unbiased choice for the other person.158	"I believed what people told me, I am a trusting person"159	"I approach everything with logic, assuming the person is telling the truth."160	I was basically given no information on the person I was being asked questions about. 161	"I wasn't getting any information about the characters I had to judge, so I tried to stay 'middle-of-the-road' - at least until I would know more about them."162	went with my instincts163	i just went with my gut feelings164	"I based my judgement with mental images.  If the situation felt like they could be lying, I recorded that in this survey.  "165	The questions all referred to the person I didn't have a conversation with so I had no information to go on. I just picked the middle selection as I wouldn't trust or not trust them in equal proportion.166	Based on how quick a person is to tell on someone else.167	Gut feeling for the different scenarios.168	I made them based off of what if my relationship with them was different and they were just angry at others.169	I trusted the characters words minimally because I would've needed to know more about them to make a completely informed decision on whether or not I trusted them. Trust isn't something you can decide in two sentences170	I went with my gut feeling and life experiences.171	I trusted my instincts. 172	"Pick and choose. This HIT didn't a lot of sense. I wa talking with one person, but was being asked about a different person, someone I had no contact with so had no idea what type of person they were."173	I tried putting myself in that exact described situation and thought about it174	I was just being realistic about people and their average usual behavior.175	I assumed the people were telling the truth176	thinking about my past 177	"I can't like or trust someone who I do not know.  Furthermore, I can't make judgements on someone where there is no evidence that THEY are the ones doing the wrong things."178	Based on the information given179	mostly with gut feelings.180	"In all honesty, if I knew someone with the same name, I based my judgement on that persons character."181	It situation required different tactics. For instance a track team or athletic team seems to be a tight family style attitude and would be easier to trust and like. 182	"I made judgement on if I was actually in this situations how would I feel. would I feel that I could trust that person based upon what they were saying if I did not know them, and that is how I came up with my answers."183	just what i felt in my gut184	I don't really know these people185	It was very hard to make judgements when you know so little about the people discussed.  I would like to think people can be trusted but there is no way to be sure.  Therefore I figure there is a 50/50 chance that people can be trusted.186	That most people said that they didn't like what was discribed to me187	"I tried not to make any judgements about any of the people.  It seemed that judgements were inferred by the people I spoke to, such as Rachel emphasizing that she is not unreliable.  Without getting to know these people myself, I have no way of knowing if these things are true about them or not.  Therefore, I chose down the middle."188	"Some of the scenarios did not give enough information about the person for me to give a very educated answer, but the ones I did change my answers up for, I simply tried to imagine myself in that situation as best as possible."189	just put myself in the situations as if they were my friends or people who i knew190	"Because the conversations I had with others never included mention of the other person identified prior to the description of the conversation, I felt obligated to answer with a neutral ""4"" that indicated my complete ignorance of their traits. "191	"based on the scenario, their actions speak for itself"192	"I couldn't judge the person I wasn't speaking to, as I only had information about the person I was speaking to to go off of."193	I don't know the people or have any information on them so I judged them neutrally194	"I really didn't know have any information about the second party that the questions were being asked about, so I based it on the likelihood that they were like average people that I meet. "195	It was difficult to make judgments because there was not a lot of information about the person that the questions was about. I made judgments based on what the people they were talking with said. 196	"I knew almost nothing about the people I was questioned about, so I answered how I would treat just about anybody."197	"I would never truly trust a person from one conversation, additionally I'm always skeptical of people who judge others. Makes me believe that they are trying to cover their own faults. "198	"It depended on the severity of the action to be taken, and how meaningful and/or easy it would be to do. For example, cheating on the tests would be a very easy feat to accomplish, so I found it to be more likely that he would cheat on a test than, say, the athlete using performance-enhancing drugs."199	"I feel that the article does not provide enough information for me to properly judge the people in the article. As such I am neutral to these people until more information is available to me. I personally don't judge people in real life until I know the full story and their personality, I hardly know the people's real life and personality based on the articles in this study."200	"I considered the severity of the unethical behaviors and I felt that if they were more serious, most people would be less likely to do them. I am also generally trusting of people."201	I evaluated how much I trusted people given their descriptions202	"I based it off my gut feeling, I used the context and how serious of a matter it was, but mostly went with my gut."203	"well i didnt really know anything about the people i was asked about, so i couldnt say if i trusted them or not."204	Based on how the person said they were in conversation205	I made them because I like to believe that I don't make predetermined judgements on people so I gave everyone a 4 for the amount of trust I did/didn't have towards them because that would be unbiased.206	I generally believe what people say until they give me a reason not to.207	I didn't know these people so I couldn't accurately trust what they say or not trust it.208	I tried to consider how likely it is that someone would lie about each particular situation 209	"Based on the limited knowledge of the peers discussed, and based on that I am generally a trusting person. "210	"based on information. If I had no information, I would give a nouetral score."211	I don't judge a person based on someone else's qualities.212	"I didn't know anything about the people, so I decided to make judgments based on how the average person would act"213	I think people can generally be trusted but I also think that weight lifters are likely to take PEDs. 214	I do not personally know these people but were giving them the benefit of the doubt215	"I made my judgements based on the facts given. If a person disagreed with something that I can disagreed with, the trust and levels different responses were higher as we shared a common belief."216	from the information provided and from experience217	I made judgments based on the information given about the person I was having a discussion with. The statement said I knew nothing about the people. Then the person made a statement whether or not they did something. I have not idea if the person was truthful because I did not know them. 218	I went with my gut reactions for this hit. It was interesting that I was asked to make judgments on someone I know nothing about. So most of these judgments were quite vague and generally how I approach anyone I don't really know.219	Some people protest that they don't do something if they have good knowledge that the third party does. 220	"I didn't really know any particulars on these people.  I conversed with only one of each group.  The questions were specific to the one I did converse with.  Therefore, since I did not talk to the other person, I could not make any judgement as to their integrity or honesty."221	I take most people at their word.  222	Judgements were made based on the idea that people with nothing to hide will not openly defend themselves when no accusations are being presented.223	Gut reaction.224	Based my answers on how I would feel in the situation.225	I like reading different scenarios people come up with and reacting or commenting on them. 226	I made it based upon experience and also information provided.227	I tried my hardest not to pass judgment on someone who I knew nothing about.228	It was difficult because I knew nothing about the person. I just kind of went with my gut.229	some the  situations was some I dealt with before so I made the judgments on my pass experience    230	Basically I made snap judgements of the people involved231	I judged their responses and my instincts.232	"It was difficult to say whether or not liked them.  In the first did not know if they had worked together before, in the following ones, wanted to believe the best, but once the seed was planted it impacted on the decision of trust "233	I assumed that all people are somewhat untrustworthy regardless of what they might say. I also assumed that some people were lying. This means that I would be somewhat reluctant to trust what they told me. I could not discount that they could be telling the truth though. This meant that I gave them a somewhat under average trust score. 234	"While reading each scenario, the questions weren't about the person the scenario was describing-- so I didn't have any basis to make my judgments from, so I was clueless as to what to think about the person the questions were about."235	I don't know anyone of the characters so I was careful . I was most of the time in the middle.  / 236	Well I can't really judge someone when they weren't even specifically speaking about that person alone 237	I took the seriousness of the issue into account when deciding how much i could trust them with respect to the issue.  I also decided based on how easy it would be to do one the issue in question.  I would not be able to say how much i would like someone based on their statement regarding a single issue.238	I think most people are honest but I know there is a possibility in every context for unethical behavior. I madde reasonable estimations based on that239	"most for neutral selection, some from personal background and experience"240	i had to stay nuetral because i had no info on the other person you were asking me about.241	"The conversations that the other person and I were having never once specifically mentioned the member who was subject of the questions. The person to whom I was speaking with, in my opinion, simply stated their opinion. "242	Most scenarios I treated the same. Reliability and cheating were considered standard across the board.243	"Given the information, it's difficult to tell whether or not the person could be considered trustworthy. I chose to make moderate judgements and only trusted people less because they engaged in gossip about other people. In my opinion, people who gossip about certain subjects are less trustworthy than those who don't engage in gossip."244	Basically on just gut feelings and how I would normally trust people in certain situations245	By what they've stated about trustworthiness. 246	"For the most part, I assumed that the people talking to me were not liars, but since I did not know them at all, there is only so much that can impact how I feel about them, so if the responses I gave were not mutual, they were one removed from it in either direction."247	"I made my judgments based on the information provided. I would say that I am normally a very trusting person, as well. "248	Honesty from each person249	"I based it off of real life. In the real world people don't always tell the truth, they may even bring up a subject and say they would ""never"" do it or ""dissprove"" but that does not exactly mean that they wouldn't, they might be just trying to throw you off, to make you believe it's not them."250	by reading the scenario passage helped with judging251	I wasn't sure how to judge individuals you gave me no information on.252	I thought about the likelihood of someone engaging in the immoral action and how immoral each action would be perceived to assess the probability of someone lying about it.253	"How I felt about people in general which were involved in those activities.  The word ""exclaims"" made it seem like people were sincere or excited to discuss."254	I based my judgements on how I would judge somone in person.255	I think most people are generally honest but no one is really going to admit cheating on a test or a partner. That's how you get caught. 256	i based it on the fact that i felt like the people we were talking to were gossiping and not at all being truthful257	"Knowing nothing about the other party, I opted for the neutral option in just about every case. There simply wasn't more information to go off of."258	My true feelings.  259	Fairness and questioning.260	"I figure if someone is publicly against something, they probably don't partake in it."261	"Given the circumstances and lack of  knowledge about, or relationship with the other person, I stayed fairly neutral, with caution in mind.  But also considering that this person was open to talking and discussion, which would establish a positive basis to build upon."262	I went with my gut based on the text scenarios. 263	I couldn't.264	I generally don't take people for their word unless they have proven their word. I think people's actions are independent of their words and I don't really rely on what they say. I am neither more or less likely to trust someone when they tell me they are trustworthy.265	266	well i knew nothing of the ones i had to answer on so i trusted them til i have information to make me not.267	"I had no information about the other person, so I chose the most neutral option."268	evaulating the options269	"I didn't know the person, so I reserved my judgement on them."270	"I felt I could trust the people overall, but there's always a chance they are lying especially if they emphasize something."271	"I believe trust is an earned trait,until a person displays to me otherwise, my trust in him is solid .That`s how I made my decisions."272	the situation of the conversation273	I had no knowledge about the other person.274	I read through the paragraph given and then based my judgements on how they responded to the question given to them.275	I used the information provided to make my best judgments about the people276	"Sometimes people emphasize their disapproval with a certain behavior, because they want to draw attention away from them, so I decided which of the people might be doing that and chose to trust them less. "277	I feel it is important to reserve judgement. I had to little information to determine any thing real about any of the people.278	"I give people a chance to earn my trust (or my distrust). They start at a fairly neutral position when I meet them and we go from there. I don't think cheating is super common in any setting, but it definitely happens some."279	I made them on the basis that most people will lie.280	I based my judgements on what I knew from the given scenerio. 281	I just went with my gut instinct. 282	I read the stories and went with how I felt among the story itself and my beliefs.283	I made my judgments based on how the other people I was conversing with reacted/or explained how they felt about the unethical activity.284	"There wasn't enough info regarding each individual to be able to properly assess their honesty, faithfulness, likeability, etc. So I chose the middle number to indicate no comment."285	Someone else's opinion of themselves is unlikely to change my opinion about other people.286	I made judgements based on what was written. For example she would not do (Viotin?) but she did not say she wouldn't try something else.287	I trusted what the people said because I didnt have any information that said otherwise.288	"In my experience, people generally go out of their way to deny unflattering characteristics. It was difficult to assess from the limited information to make a very good judgment but ordinarily, people cheat. They lie and they go out of their way to make themselves look good. "289	My gut feelings290	I didn't actually talk to the people I was taking surveys about so I figured I'd give them the benefit of the doubt in most situations. I generally scored them lower on whether or not I would like them because I apparently hadn't spoken to them.291	"No real process, just thought about how I felt."292	"I am generally trusting of others and what they say to me, so depending on the activity I was participating in, I believed them or was at least neutral in believing them."293	"If a person is against a negative task, they are unlikely to do it, but there is always a chance. The traits portrayed are admirable, so I liked the people."294	Reading through the short descriptions of whom I was talking to and about what. I then guaged my response based upon the answers they have given me on whether they cheat or not.295	i based them on my general perceptions of people that i know296	I thought about the statements the person I was talking to made and what that says about their general character.297	I guess I just went with my intuition and judged everyone fairly based on the context.298	"I was given no information to answer the questions, so I answered all of them neutrally."299	I answered honestly300	I just went with gut feelings and how likely someone was to emphasize something in real life301	I made judgement based on what I read and went with my gut.302	"If someone says they don't do it and I have no reason to believe otherwise, I will take their word for it."303	Based on the story given and the person view in the story.304	I made my judgements based on the statements attributed to the person.305	Well I read the scenarios and just tried to use my imagination to envision what the other person was like. I kind of stuck with the idea that most people are decent.306	"Overall, I do not trust people much so I went with the scenario and how personal it was to me"307	I read the scenarios and formulated my own opinions308	"Based on very limited information, and taking the characters at their word."309	I tend to believe in people unless I've been crossed by them.310	I just took the questions as a whole. I try to analyze on a number of variables.311	"SInce I was given no real info, I decided to assume evreyone was doing the right thing and gave them the benefit of the doubt. "312	what i knew of the other person313	I was neutral in all decisions because I could not rate one person without talking directly to them.  The association between the two people is not that revealing.314	"In all of the scenarios the person I was talking to was not the person I was judging, and in all of the scenarios it said I didn't know anything about either of these people.  Therefore I took a neutral stance on all questions about the person I was asked questions about, as I had no way to judge them."315	"The first few seemed straight forward but as they went on, I think I realized how trusting I am and started to back off from that."316	I try to stay as unbiased as possible and give everyone a fair shot. I try not to make assumptions about people.317	"I don't know these people, and just because someone says they disapprove of something does not mean they are not doing it themselves. I would need to know more about these people to trust them more."318	I made judgments rationally. I know nothing about the other person so I can't judge them.319	Without any other information I had a neutral opinion of the people320	"Since I didn't know any information about the people, I didn't make any sort of judgement about them and assumed they were just as likely as everyone else. "321	I gave a neutral judgement for each person because we weren't given any information of them.  We were only given information for the one person and had nothing to base judgments off for the other person.322	Gut instinct323	I generally judged them neutrally or positively. I try not to judge negatively until I have actual experience that they have done something bad. 324	"Generally speaking, I don't put too much trust in anyone until they prove themselves, but I try not to be too doubtful as well. People can say one thing and do another, and people can surprise you in good ways as well."325	"I find it annoying for someone to make assertions about their behavior when I have little prior context to give weight to their words. If someone is trustworthy, then they can demonstrate it by their actions. If I do not already believe that an individual has integrity, then the assertions raise questions more than they give me confidence."326	By what others are telling me.327	The person i was making conversation with helped a bit.328	"Well, I generally trust the people I know so I thought I would generally trust these people, but not entirely because you never know when someone's going to let you down."329	i made the judgements in the context of the story I read. 330	"Just based everything off like the three people are the only ones in the certain event.  If one person says they disapprove of something, well they could be lying or it's the other person doing the other thing. I don't know for sure but it would definitely affect my opinion of the person I was not talking to."331	Based on the information given to me and whether it was enough to go by a strong decision in a particular direction.332	Seeing that I did not know the individuals I kept it close to the middle.  Stay guarded.  333	"I had virtually no information about the person with whom I was not speaking, but all of the questions asked me about that person."334	"I generally trusted people moderately, but was relative neutral since no specific information about their past actions was given."335	based on how most people act in these situations336	"I felt like in some contexts people would be more honest and in others they wouldn't.  For instance, when talking about performance enhancing drugs, I find it much more likely that the person would lie since it's a serious issue.  On the other hand, it's not too likely that someone would lie about unreliable partners."337	by instinct338	i made my judgments based on real life experiences that i have encounter's 339	I made judgments by thinking about the situation as if it were truly happening in real life340	I just went with my gut reaction to each situation.341	considered how i would react in the given scenarios 342	"The possibility of people cheating in class, in sports, etc. does not affect my feelings towards people I know nothing about. I know people are capable of murder, but I cannot assume or make judgments about unknown persons and their ability to commit murder. "343	I made my judgements based on the information given in the first few lines before the conversations and on each individual situation.344	"based on the story and informatino provided?  if i know nothing about someone, i generally assume not the best but better than most i guess who knows"345	I just used my gut feelings and experiences 346	I tried to judge people from certain groups based on my previous interactions with people in similar circumstances and how they acted. 347	Took all sides and made my decision348	Whether they do seem trustworthy or not.349	It depended upon the what the situation was and what I figured the odds were in each situation.350	I made my judgement by reading the passage and then thinking about what the people was like.351	intuition352	based on the information giviven and my own attitudes toward life and people.353	I do not know the person questioned in this hit so I cannot say whether or not I trust them or how they are as a person.354	I read and judged by the most accessible choices.355	Gut intuition356	"I figure most people are generally trustworthy, so I took what they said at face value"357	I have mostly a positive attitude towards people until I get to know them and see otherwise.358	I just based them by what i thought and the info provided in the hit.359	my life360	"Since I didn't know anything about the specific individuals asked about, I gave neutral responses when there was some doubt about character (someone is suspected or cheating or using illegal drugs), but in the other scenerios where cheating is not the norm (relationships, work partners), I gave them more positive ratings because I think people are usually trustworthy in those regards."361	"I didn't know if they were hones, or telling the truth give the information provided. "362	I'm rather trusting so I took their comments at face value.363	Based on the person said they didn't do something.  Took little into account the situation as not much other information was given on how the person was likely to commit the bad deed.364	By people I personally know with those names.365	I know nothing about the people the questions asked about366	I gave the people the benifet of the doubt since i didnt know much about them other than were accused.367	"I assumed that if the person I was having a conversation with did not approve of x, then he/she would be unlikely to do x in the future.  In all scenarios, x had a negative connotation, so I believed, in general, that the person was a good person."368	Trying to think of how I relate to people I don't know.369	Based on life experiences and how a persons statements can be counted on in specific scenerios.370	"There is not enough information to make me trust or distrust the other person with whom I was not speaking too. It was stated in all situations I did not know either person, therefore I did not trust nor distrust them."371	"People who emphasize that they don't are either guilty or really judgmental in my mind. So I wouldn't say any of the characters are completely trustworthy. Also, Tina sounded like she was bragging."372	I used their statements373	"It was difficult to make any sort of judgment, given that I was given very little information about the people I was making judgments on, so I stayed toward neutral.  I tend to give people the benefit of the doubt only so far as not classifying them one way or another until I've had my own experiences with them."374	"I don't think that enough information was given to make any real judgements, therefore I rated nearly everyone in the mid-range to indicate that I had no strong opinion.  The exception being the workplace situation, where I think that people have a stronger motivation to adhere to guidelines."375	"In the first question I don't think I understood, but then in the next ones I picked four because i can really pick neither because I don't know anything about the person."376	You can't make strong judgements with so little information. One line from a particular person in the grand scheme of things means virtually nothing.377	"Most scenarios I didn't feel strongly either way towards the people, without knowing them better I didn't ""like"" or ""dislike"" any of them, so I didn't ""trust"" or ""distrust"" anyone much. The conversations seemed fairly normal, no reason to interpret people as being aggressively defensive about not cheating to cover up the truth. In general I mostly trusted people in this survey."378	I remained neutral in many of my responses since each person I conversed with could not be considered credible nor did I know anything about the other person to make such assumptions about their character. 379	"I knew nothing about the different people other than one statement that they made, so I selected the middle option.  Without having more information, that's the best I can do."380	"I based it on what that person said, and what that meant for the other person"381	I had nothing on which to base judgements on the questions asked.382	based on the idea that the person i was talking to was alluding that the other person was guilty of doing wrong. 383	I went with my gut based on the topic of each particular situation.384	"I wasn't judging the person I was talking to, so I just used my general feeling about people."385	by judge by the facts I got386	imnot sure what you mean387	"There were no interactions with the ""other person"", so I couldn't form an opinion on them."388	I simply read the scenario and went with my gut feeling for each question.389	"I was given little to no information about the person in question. As such, I tried to make passive decisions and treated them like strangers, for the most part."390	I thought of people that I know and imagined them in the scenarios.391	I made my judgments based upon what the people I had conversations with said.392	I thought about how likely it would be for someone to lie in each situation.393	"If they disapproved of something I disapprove of, I trust them"394	How serious the offense was and how much the person would get for lying.395	I thought about what I would do in real life.396	Based on how the person I talked to emphasized the subject at hand - more likely I was to trust them the more they emphasized liking or disliking the behavior.397	"I made my judgement based on what people said. But also, I took in consideration the fact that they could be lying..."398	"I didn't feel like the hit gave me a lot of information to go on, so I answered honestly based on not knowing anything especially negative about the other person being discussed."399	I based my judgements from personal experiences that were similar to the scenarios.400	"I knew nothing about the people I was being questioned about, so I assumed nothing."401	"Seeing as how I knew absolutely nothing about the individual I was asked to judge I leaned toward the good side, because I believe that most people are good and honest individuals."402	Decided based on the information given and their morals.403	just read the passage and the question and answered it on the spot.404	I pretty much used their statement and used my gut feelings towards it.405	Nothing that anyone said about themselves or others would have an affect on whether or not I would expect them to be trustworthy.  I would reserve judgement until I had reason to feel strongly one way or another.406	"I didn't know anything about the other person that wasn't involved in the conversation, so I simply assumed close to the best outcome from them."407	"Since I didn't have much information about each person, I went with my gut instinct. "408	I pictured myself in the situation and tried to answer as closely to how I would think as I could.409	I took their word for it.  I didn't presume they were lying to me410	"I personally don't think a person can make proper judgement without engaging these people/ situations in reality. So most of my decisions were based off of that fact. I would hope that these people were honest, but you can not truly know until they have proven it to be so."411	"I based it on the conversations with the other person. I figured if one guy is talking about another person behind the other's back, then I can't trust the guy who is talking behind the other guy's back. I really hate that crap."412	"You were talking to one person and how that one person doesn't do certain things (not cheat in relationships/exams) and then asked about the other person. Since there was no information directly describing the other person, you couldn't make a informed decision. "413	"i envisioned them in my mind, and went with my gut feeling"414	I couldn't make judgments in this task. I put 4 on most because I didn't really have any information to judge the person by. 415	I made these judgements based off the information at hand.416	"I didn't learn much about the people i was supposed to be judging, other than that their partners were disapproving."417	You game me no information about anyone418	"I wanted to believe the other people were being honest, but people lie and since all I had to go on was one passage,  I chose to answer a more middle of the road options rather than the extreme options."419	I just assumed I would feel about these people the same way I would feel about anyone I didn't really know that well at first.420	"I really didn't know anything about these people, so I wasn't sure whether to trust them or not. I tended to lean towards trusting them."421	I could only base my answers on one conversation...i would like to trust them on that but many people lie. That is why I wouldn't fully trust or like someone based on one talk.422	I mademy judgements based on the information in the stories. 423	I took the word of with whom I was talking to.424	I found myself neutral with someone I did not really know.  But try my best to take someone at there word with leaving my mind open to the fact that people do tell lies.425	Making any kind of judgement was virtually impossible given the lack of information about the people. I tried to make judgments instead based on the scenarios provided and how likely it was that the person would or wouldn't do the thing being asked about.426	I took the information that was presented and made decisions off that. It was difficult because the person you talked with was not the person they were asking the questions on. 427	I read the passage and made my judgements by the answers given428	I made my judgements by considering the scenario given and deciding how I would act based on general life experiences and similar experiences I have heard about from others in the past.429	"It's hard to say anything about a person based on one conversation, so I stayed middle of the road"430	"Well, there wasn't a lot to go on in any of the scenarios, so my judgements were pretty much just gut reactions."431	"the same way I would make my judgements in real life, I am generally a trusting person until you prove me otherwise"432	"The romantis partner question was an outlier for me. I tend to trash people who say they would never cheat, because I say it, and would never cheat. The other decisions were made with particular personal situations in mind. I put myself in the shoes of the unnamed subject, and imagined how I would feel about cheating in academics and work performance."433	I remained neutral for the most part as I did not know these people.434	by reading very carefully and trying my hardest to understand the scenarios in the written information given. 435	"Well, in every scenario, I spoke with the person who was not asked about. I never spoke with the person who I was supposed to be juding, so I had no info to go off of. So, I just went down the middle. I don't know whether I would like Alex or not, I don't know whether I can trust him or not. I have no information about him, only the other guy."436	"I had nothing to judge most of the people with, so I didn't make any assumptions."437	i went with gut feelings438	"Used logic to imply that I really knew nothing about the other person, so how could I judge them"439	"The first two scenarios I couldn't make a decision on any of the questions. There was just no information to go on. The final two, there were suspicions of cheating/drug use, so I felt more comfortable distrusting the class/team-mate."440	i didn't have any opinions because i didn't learn anything about those people441	I usually trust people unless they give me a reason not to. I usually take people at their word unless evidence suggest they are lying. Therefore I put a moderate amount of trust in people when they tell me something about themselves.442	I couldn't make judgements. I had no useful information. What one person tells me about themselves has no bearing at all on the character of an entirely different person.443	Based on the context of the situation. Hard to know who I trust if I do not have much interaction with them.444	"In each case the scenarios said that I had no prior knowledge of either person. So I tended to feel neutral towards the person I hadn't spoken to regardless of what the person I spoke to said, since he wasn't saying anything specific about the other individual. Also, not knowing the size of the group in each case left me feeling neutral. "445	"I find it difficult to make judgments about people based on very limited information.  I repeatedly chose #4 as my answer (the middle of the scale) because I felt is would be unfair to say someone was ""likely"" or ""unlikely"" to do something and as far as trust, that is something that has to be earned as well but I didn't want to go to the bottom of the scale on that either, not knowing enough about the persons named in the study."446	by making judgments447	"With no personal info given on the people in question, had to make decisions based on the situation given."448	"I had very little information to work with, so I chose to trust people for the most part."449	decision making450	I considered the facts I was given and went with my intuition.451	I value people highly who are trustworthy and loyal.452	I didnt really think I could trust many people on the very little context I was given on them.453	"Just based on my gut feeling, honestly. I didn't entirely understand why I was being asked about the person of whom I knew absolutely no information, so I just went with my instinct. Honestly, their names probably influenced my responses just as much as unknown subconscious factors. "454	Just because someone says they don't like something to your face doesn't make it true.455	I was relying on the judgment I use in my daily life456	I used what knowledge I have of how average people behave in these situations.457	"Gut decisions and how much I relate to the described situations (thus, personal reference and experience).  "458	Based on my personal interactions with people.459	not sure what this was about460	"I made judgments based on their statements. If they disapproved of an immoral activity, I was more likely to trust them to not do it."461	"I gave each person the benefit of the doubt and took them at their word, that if they disagreed with a behavior, that they would then choose not to engage in that behavior."462	"There where no details, so I concentrated on how each topic was worded."463	It was hard to because I didn't know a lot about the people I was interacting with in the sceanarios.  I do know people will lie and say they don't do things and most people are full of it.464	I felt that I had no information to make any kind of judgement on the person that was asked about.  So I tried not to make judgements about them either way.465	"I based each person on someone i could relate to, as well as the information given. The circumstance each person was in played a role as well. "466	"After hearing nothing about the other individuals, I was unable to make any conclusions about how I'd feel about them. For this reason, I marked everything in the middle of the spectrums."467	"It depended on what the topic of discussion is. For example cheating in relationships, everyone says that he or she would never cheat in a relationship and they usually do cheat, so I couldn't fully trust what this person says compared to cheating on exams."468	I chose who I was talking to in the different scenarios. For all the remaining questions I picked the middle choice because I didn't know about the person I was answering questions about.469	"I try to take people's word when they say something, but I am still hesitant.  So in most cases, my trust in that person is higher than it was if I knew nothing, but not by much.  Also, some contexts people are more likely to lie than in other contexts"470	instinct 471	There were based on what I read on the text; basically I assumed that every person on each / of the stories was telling the truth.472	"The only information given was the word of the person, which is unreliable. Therefore, without any more information, I had to remain neutral in my opinion of them."473	I made judgements based off of the assumption that some people in the scenario were committing the stated behavior.  How likely that was to occur depended mostly on the setting.474	"I jsut took what they said and made a choice. I don't really take this word to mean much, but then again I see no reason to assume they would be cheaters or dishonest."475	There was no information given about the person i was not talking to so i remained kinda neutral.476	"I wasn't able to make judgements.  I had to choose neutral because I knew literally nothing about the people whom I was asked to judge.  I had a slight idea of what the people I was talking to were like, but had nothing to go on as far as how I felt about the 2nd person in the scenario whom I wasn't talking to. "477	I put myself in their shoes and just thought about how I would feel478	made judgements depending on the situation and the gender of the people.479	"I had no info to go off of, so there it went"480	I just based it on how the person described himself.481	based on my experience in dealing with people over the years.482	"I made my judgements based off of what the characters told me. I tried to take their word for it, however, you don't know someone just by one conversation with them, so I tried to keep that in mind as well. "483	"Well, I knew absolutely nothing about the person I wasn't having a conversation with, and that person I knew nothing about was who all the questions referred to.  Therefore, I just picked neutral for everything since I had no idea about the person to go on besides their first name. "484	"Given the prompts, I went with my gut instinct."485	reading about the people involved486	Considering the conversation and the ethical opinions of the person I was conversing with487	I basically just thought about how I felt about people in various situations.488	There was not enough information to make judgements on the person I did not have a conversation with489	I read and processed the information provided490	"I made generalizations about the groups I was in, because I didn't know the individuals. I believe students, for example, are generally a bit likely to cheat and be kind of untrustworthy, and serious athletes to use performance enhancing drugs."491	not a ton of information given. responded to best of ability.492	"I think a person is innocent until proven guilty, therefore I would give the unknown person a fifty-fifty rating."493	"I really know very little about each person, so I kept my judgements fairly unbiased either way."494	The people who disapproved of dishonest behavior are the ones who can be trusted495	I think people are generally good and judged accordingly.496	Since it said that I do not know if someone was cheating or being dishonest than I have nothing to go on. I just stayed neutral since I don't make judgments of people without some kind of evidence.497	"Truthfully,  all we had to go one was the other person's opinion, so I really didn't have anything to judge the person who was being asked about in the questions.  I answered pretty neutrally.  "498	by reading it499	On how the person emphasized what they did not do.500	I made judgements based on the scarce information I received from the survey501	There was nothing writen specific about the other people so i choose middle answers.502	"mainly i stayed middle of the road because you are not given any real idea of who the other person is in the examples, so you cannot determine if they are good or bad at the things asked"503	By not knowing any of the people well I was neutral on their guilt or innocence.504	it was difficult to describe how I felt about someone for whom I was not given very much information.  505	"I made judgments depending on the information the person gave, but they all generally fell into the same category. All of the scenarios provided a believable segue into the topic of controversy."506	I did not feel strongly about the characters thus  my middle of the road responses507	I made judegments based on the assumed fact these people were generally  conducted themselves in a respectable standard.508	Well the questions are are about people you know nothing about so how can you judge them so I stayed to a middle ground.509	"purely on instinct, since there was no indication of the trustworthiness of the individuals involved"510	I considered the motivations to lie for the people I was talking to.511	Looking at the situation. Trusting people in the scenarios because I don't have reason not to trust.512	just read the paragraph and tried to imigane me with this person and if i thought this person would hang out with character they didn't like.513	I give people the benefit of the doubt until I know facts514	I generally give most people the benefit of the doubt unless theres reason not to515	I don't anything about the other person so I am usually neutral on how I feel about them. I don't like to be bias or judge people.516	Based entirely on the facts that were given to me.517	I JUST PRETTY MUCH CHOSE NEUTRAL LIKE (4) ON A LOT OF THEM BECAUSE I WOULDN'T LET ANYONE INFLUENCE ME JUST BY WHAT WAS SAID.518	Instinct from past experiences.519	There is very little info. I am somewhat skeptical of what they say.520	Based on their statement in the conversation had the the person. 521	na522	I made them based on the specific actions talked about in each scenario and how likely people are to engage in them in general.523	I based my judgements on the fact that the people I was speaking too said they were against cheating. 524	Knowing how honest one person was didn't tell me anything about how honest the other person was. I chose 4 (average) for my responses because I didn't have any more information to go on.525	I remained neutral since I hadn't heard both sides of the story or both person being accused of.526	Social context makes a difference -  Are the people in a voluntary relationship or not?527	Thought528	I new nothing about the people I was evaluating.529	"I gave a balanced, neutral impression of people I know NOTHING about."530	"My judgements were based soley on how I feel about people (men or women) in general. Since I didn't talk to any of the people personally and knew nothing about them, I was unable to form a good judgement on their character."531	There was not enough information given for me to make a judgement on someone like that.532	I thought about the stakes that are involved in lying in the different situations.533	"There was just little to go on with the person I didn't speak with, but I usually don't give people the benefit of the doubt unless I can speak with them and get a read on them."534	My judgements were based on the information that I had about each respective person I had to answer questions about. 535	I related the scenarios to individuals that I know and how I thought they would behave536	Not enough information was provided to determine if I like these people or not.537	I generally distrust people so I just stayed neutral.538	"Well since I did not really know either of the two people in each of the scenarios, I was NEUTRAL with respects to the person who was not the one to whom I supposedly talked to and who made sure to state he or she did not do the thing the scenario painted."539	I try to base on my own experiences.540	My judgements were based on my gut feelings and past experiences.541	Based on what the other person told me about themselves542	"it's abit hard, with knowing so little about the ""actual people"" but as a standard i trust people until there is a reason not to. hard to tell whether Sarah is a homewrecker or not or if your science partner will be sink your grade by cheating."543	Randomly544	I went with my gut545	I think of how I would be in that position. 546	"I have no reason not to trust these people, so I give them the benefit of the doubt. If they say they wouldn't do something, I bet they wouldn't because why else would they bring it up."547	generally gave people the benefit of the doubt548	I think that generally people are honest when they say definitive statements like I don't approve of cheating. I think I can trust most people who say this. So I trusted most of the people in the examples.549	just past expierence550	I made my judgments based on what I think about people who I don't know551	I just went with my instincts552	Gut feelings553	Based on the scenarios I read.554	"I tried to assume that the person that was ""talking"" to me in the interview was somebody I personally knew, and tried to apply my reactions from that to this survey."555	How I perceived the people from the text556	"When they said they definitely disproved of cheating (or whatever the scenario was), it made me distrust them slightly because it seemed like the conversation came out of nowhere, like they were trying to convince me."557	"With the incomplete info I had, I assumed that I would trust the people about as much as I trust anyone I don't know a lot about (a bit above average until they do something to push that one way or another)... With the behaviors they may engage in, I also went more off of how likely the average person is to engage in said behavior, since I didn't have much info to go on..."558	"There wasn't any info given about the other party, so I couldn't make good or bad assumptions."559	Each choice was someone I had no idea how they felt since I was speaking to the other person mentioned in the story. Thus I had no context to judge them on and chose the middle neutral option when so prompted.560	"I decided that people  are mostly honest so i went with that as my answer, I had to do that because of a lack of context to how well i knew each individual."561	"I didn't have enough info to really know any of the people, so I couldn't make many real judgments and assumed 50/50 on a lot of them."562	I made my judgments based off of what the person told me.  I had no other information to go off of so I took their word for it but trusted them just a little more than not trusting them.  563	I used my general outlook on people to make my decisions. 564	This how I am and would chose the judgments I picked.565	I mostly went off of what the other people said about themselves.566	567	I read the story and made my choices according to my past experiences and my feelings.568	I went solely based of what the person told me at that moment. My mind could be changed if new information was provided.569	"It was hard to, because there wasn't enough information to make judgements.  "570	"I'm kind of suspicious of people, but I'll trust them a bit sometimes. "571	Just knowing not to ever trust anyone fully you don't really now.572	"If I don't know a person I generally give them the benefit of the doubt, but it doesn't mean that I like them or trust them just because we're in a group together."573	I was very netural.  There was no information given about the people that were being judged.574	"I couldn't like or dislike someone unless I've actually met them, and whether I trust them or not is based on what I know about them. Since I knew very little about them, I could only remain neutral. Now, because they didn't come to me and deny or confess one thing or another does not make them good or bad."575	careful consideration of the facts576	based on my perception of trustworthiness through my past experiences577	Its very hard to judge people that you dont know. I just put myself in the position of actually not knowing a person and would give them an average rating.578	I made judgments based on the information I was given and what I think the person would do based on their comments or feelings on certain subjects.579	"At first, I based my judgments off of the person I talked to. Then, I thought about the situation more and decided that I couldn't make a real answer for what I thought of the other person knowing nothing about them. I picked neutral feelings for the rest of the survey."580	I rated them neutral because I had no concrete basis for forming an opinion581	I considered that i do not know enough about the people to judge them in various aspects.582	"It would tell me about a conversation, then ask me questions about the other person.  I honestly know nothing about the person, so I put my mark right in the middle."583	I based it on our affiliation with each other and the scenario584	I read the scenerios585	"I will originally think that people are honest, trustworthy, and good until they give me any reason not to.  I don't give much credit to what one person might sy about another because they might have ulterior motives.  The judgments I made were based on these premises. "586	"If I don't know someone, I will treat them independently.  I always like to know something about someone before I can fully trust them, but I will always have a little bit of trust in someone to begin with.  Their actions from there will dictate how my level of trust will sway."587	I made judgement calls based on previous experiences I've had with others.588	I felt given the scenario and who I was talking to I felt that they had a certain principals they lived by and hoped I suppose by letting me know I would feel similar.  I felt that I did and valued their position and decided somewhat based on that.589	"In every situation, I would have a conversation with one person while answering questions about another. The conversations I had said nothing about the other person, so I was neutral/unsure of what the answer would be. Therefore most got all 4's, which was in the middle."590	Related them to real life experiences591	I made my judgemtns based on how likely I thought it would be for anyone to do the actions decribed.592	"I trusted that the person I was talking to was being honest.  I felt that if they felt a certain way today, they would also feel that way in the future."593	I made the judgements on how I would think the other person would feel.594	"Unfortunately, trusting people is harder than it used to be but I always give everyone a fair chance. I made all my judgements on how I think I would personally feel in those senarios."595	Trust a certain point until person makes a mistake.596	"Because I knew nothing about the other party, I couldn't make a statement to whether they cheat/perform poorly/etc or not.  Since I also have no prior interaction with the person in question, I lean towards distrusting the in all contexts."597	i generally trust people598	I just based it on my general perceptions about other people.599	I was neutral in every scenario because I had no basis to make a judgement on a person I knew nothing about. I prefer to reserve judgement until I have had an experience.600	"I just went by my gut feeling about each person and each situation. For some reason, the performance-enhancing one was the only one where I felt the person I was talking to could possibly be deceiving me. I guess this might be because I don't really consider performance-enhancing drugs to be that horrible of a thing in the context of competitive sports."601	"I don't know anything about the people I'm judging. I might like or trust them, or I might not."602	unsure603	What someone SAYS is not what counts. It's what they DO. Most everyone says they're trustworthy--but very few can REALLY be trusted. I give someone the benefit of the doubt until they give me reason to believe otherwise--just like in our legal system. A person is presumed innocent until proven guilty.604	"I am wondering if there's a problem with this HIT.  Each one described a scenario and discussed one person - but asked about another.  In each case, all i could put was neutral.  Were you trying to see if I was paying attention?  I can't think of anything else!"605	"For the most part I take people at their word and trust them. I did this with the characters in this study. However, I never ""strongly agreed"", or ""Strongly disagreed"" because you never know what a person will do day to day."606	Reading the text and not having preconceived notions about the people involved.607	It was hard for me to feel very strongly in either direction.608	I didn't know anything about the person I was judging so I was neutral in my judgments.609	Based on what the person said and whom I was talking to610	"I took into consideration everything I was given about that individual. Based on what I learned about them, I a made an impression in my mind of how trustworthy each person was and answered the questions that followed."611	If it was something I likely would have cheated on I might be inclined to believe the person would as well.612	I don't know these people. I can't make choices on whether they are bad or good but to have good faith they wouldn't. There is no wrong or right answers to be honest. You can't know a person entirely and why they make the choices they do.613	I just used my own judgement.614	"When the person told me that he/she disapproved of something, I generally trusted them."615	I was neutral because there was no information about the individuals in question.616	I was not given much information about the people the questions were about so I gave mostly neutral answers as to what I thought about their character since there was no way to know anything for sure617	Whomever seems trustworthy. Biased618	Not being judgmental about people I do not know directly.619	I just decided how I would feel in real life.620	"I think if the person emphasizes to me in private that they aren't cheating, and they are a peer, I would believe and trust them initially.  If later on, I found something different out, I would change my opinion."621	"I answered neutrally as there were no details about the people I was evaluating, except for the girl because I am a sucker."622	"I gave some thought to how gossipy the other person was, and some thought to ""he doth protest too much"" and decided that in some cases, bringing up the wrongdoing might be a clue to that person actually doing the wrongdoing."623	"I stayed mostly in the middle because I really had very little information to go on, therefore most people could go either way"624	I went with my gut instinct in reguards to the specific situation.625	"I imagined myself in the given scenarios, and tried to compare them to real life experiences."626	I didn't know anything about the other person so I kept my answers neutral.627	"I knew nothing about  the other person.   I only talked with one of them and nothing was talked about the other person.  I choose to be neutral until I found out more information.,"628	Base on the information provided629	just went with my instinct630	I based my judgement on whether the decision  made was right or wrong.631	I usually give people the benefit of the doubt until I'm proven otherwise.  I scored most as middle of the road trustyworthy as there was nothing to indicate they were or weren't trustworthy.632	How I generally feel about people and experiences I've had in the past with people who expressly condemn behaviors.633	Not knowing very much about the people i will approach them with a slightly better than neutral disposition and let them form my opinion of them with how they act/ are as people.634	I tried not to pre-judge people and let their own actions speak for themselves.635	by putting myself in the situation described636	I estimated odds637	I tend to trust that people are honest and innocent unless proven to be dishonest and guilty.638	I tend to give others the benefit of the doubt somewhat but I don't fully trust everything that they are telling me639	I made my judgements for this HIT based on the descriptions that were given about the feelings and attitudes of the people I spoke to.640	"Because I do know know the individuals then I can only assume that they are just as likely to do, think, or act in a certain way as they are not to."641	"I gave lower ratings on romantic partners because there is so much cheating that goes on these days.  For the most part, I gave slightly higher ratings on the other issues if there were females mainly because I have found more of them to be a little more reliable and honest in matters pertaining to work and tests. "642	"I made different judgments based on how natural it seemed for the person to say ""I do not...[insert activity here]."" If it seemed like the person was generalizing too much or lying, I rated him or her more harshly."643	"I decided that each claim was neither likely or unlikely, because people can make a claim about themselves but not be telling the truth. I felt neutral about each person. They could be lying or they could be telling the truth. "644	How moral these people were.645	I took the statements made by the characters at face value. 646	I basically put myself in the other person's shoes and answered the questions in much the same manner as I would have answered them.647	 i just thought those people were upfront enough to understand.648	"I chose 4 for all of the people, because I had no info to base wheather or not the were honest or not. I chose 4 because it was in the middle and therefore not strongly agreeing with either statement."649	I made assumptions that the people were telling the truth.650	I thought about how the average person would act if I were asked the same question about them.651	I didn't know if I could trust the people either way given that I knew nothing about them.652	I liked and trusted the people who said they didn't like to cheat.653	I just used the information I received to make the best judgement I could. I'm generally a trusting person so that probably affected my decision. 654	"Just because a behavior is being discussed does not mean a person engages in that behavior, so that is generally how I answered."655	dont trust ppl in general without more info656	based on given information657	I could not tell if someone is trustworthy or not so I'm in the middle until I have more information about them658	Based off of what I read.659	I used the informations about each person and determined who was trustworthy within the topic.660	It was difficult since I knew nothing of the people I was judging.661	"Considering I knew nothing about the people I was asked about and only talked to the opposite person, my judgements were neutral"662	"I based my judgments solely on the context of what each person I had a conversation with said.  I was slightly skeptical so I was unable to predicate anything to the extremes, but for the most part I believed what each person said."663	I made my judgement based on their names664	"It was impossible to judge if the people were honest or not, so I marked 4 on all the choices."665	I gave the benefit of doubt to the answers.666	"It was difficult to make any judgements in this HIT as we weren't given information about the people the questions were asked about. I like to assume that I can trust people, but without more information it's hard to determine if I would like them or trust them, however I give people the benefit of the doubt."667	"My judgments were right down the middle in between completely trusting or not trusting because I don't think its clear that I know the other people very well.  They appear to be only acquaintances and not really friends or people I am close to.  So until one of those acquaintances either becomes a better friend that I become close to, or the other person gives me reason to believe them fully or reason to believe they have lied, then I cannot determine whether I can trust them completely or believe everything they are telling me"668	I'd figure that the qualities in person A are similar to person B since they are in the same group.669	I didn't feel like I knew enough about the people to judge them.670	I read the descriptions and since I generally trust people I followed my instincts671	I thought about what the average person would do in the situation672	I went with my guy feeling673	I made judgements based on my own personal beliefs regarding the scenario and how I felt about the person in the scenario674	I mostly said neither agree or disagree 675	Just because I learned something about one person does not mean I know anything more about another person who is not involved in the conversation676	"I felt like I really had no reason to distrust the person that I was not having the conversation with. In my experience, it usually the person who protests too much that could be guilty. Although I am not nave, I generally trust people until they give me a reason not to."677	"I was neutral, I can't trust someone or know what they would do with no information about them."678	Instinct on the subjects679	I evaluated the different situations and based my decisions on the information given.680	"Thinking about similar situations I've been in real life, what people have told me and how I reacted"681	I determined the severity and likelihood they would lie about it.682	"I had no information about the subject of which i was asked, so i gave them neutral ratings."683	"I judged them by whether or not they actually sounded truthful, and held someone that said they would never be unfaithful in the highest regard."684	"If the coach or teacher expressed concern about members cheating, then I leaned more towards thinking that the other member will cheat."685	I gave everyone the benefit of the doubt. 686	I made my judgements based on the subjects statements to what we were discussing in our conversation.687	They were neutral because the questions were always about a person I had no information about.688	I decided based on gut feeling since there wasn't much information to base my judgements on.689	I made my judgments based on the fact hat I personally do not know the facts behind these characters.690	I made my judgement based on what I thought the best choice that applied to the described scenario. 691	"I based my judgment on how I treat new people in my life. I'll  take their initial words as the truth, but they are not set in stones."692	I just chose my gut feeling.693	These were people I would be neutral with in social situations. 694	I most took my best first guesses and went with those. It was hard to make judgements without knowing much about the people.695	Based on personal experiences696	"There was no information given whatsoever on the person I was supposed to rate, so I had no opinion one way or the other and rated down the middle."697	based off of situations and context698	"Eh, there wasn't too much to go on, so I just went off of the situation and chose what I thought."699	"I found it hard to base my judgement about someone who I had never met or had a conversation with. Since I had no prior knowledge of the person, I found that I neither trusted or distrusted them. I feel the person I actually talked to had little sway of my judgement."700	I used impartial judgements701	I tried to relate each individual to people that I know in my everyday life.702	I didn't know the other person so I couldn't say if I liked them or didn't like them. 703	Based on the conversation context.704	I didn't interact much with these people so I tried to remain neutral.705	"I took the person's statements at face value. Without any other information, I assumed that they were trustworthy in the context presented and in other contexts."706	"A gave ratings based on what I think in general, since the subject person wasnt described in the conversation"707	I generally assume a neutral attitude toward other people until I learn something about them.  I didn't learn enough about the people in this HIT to make judgements about them.708	"For the first one with Sarah I figure in general most people are pretty faithful if they commit to a relationship, as for the others there really isn't any way to tell if they are trusthworthy or not without more info, they may or may not do the things that were stated."709	I trusted the people who stated they wouldn't do XYZ behavior. I have no reason to distrust them. 710	I read the situations.711	I don't trust coworkers or teammates.712	general impression713	I don't know the person so there was a 50/50 chance on all questions. I got no new info from the person I was speaking too.714	I based them upon the information i was given in the paragraphs about them.715	I didn't assume the people mentioned were at fault right away.716	"I remained mostly neutral because there was no information given that could usefully influence my answers.  To be honest, this survey seemed rather pointless."717	"l couldn't really say how well l liked or trusted each person from a short conversation, although the likelyhood each would do wrong was less than average based on their comments."718	I am neutral since I do not have context around the individual referenced.719	I made the choices720	based on what I read in the situation.721	"I assumed each person was honest, but without more clues, I couldn't fully trust their comments.  I would need to see their faces to fully judge their honesty."722	 common sense723	"I don't judge people by what they say, I judge them by what they do."724	"I had no direct interactions with the people I made judgements on, so I marked them in the middle because I knew nothing about them. Unless I talked to that person face-to-face, I wouldn't make assumptions on their character."725	By my own personal past relationships with people.726	I didn't really know the other person well enough to make a judgement.727	I made it based on the different contexts of the situations. Sometimes people lie about different things and make themselves seem more ethical or moral than they are.728	"It was difficult to know for sure, but I trusted people a little more if they said that they disapproved of unethical behavior."729	"Based on my opinions about most people in general. Trust can be an issue with me, but I try to give most people the benefit of doubt. I can't believe everything I hear."730	The questions asked about the character who had no information...I felt like I couldnt make any judgments on those characters. I had not had conversations with them.731	I guess I followed my usual method I do in person. Everyone is worth a baser amount of trust until they give you reason to feel otherwise. 732	based on my normal perspective on life and how i engage in decision making processes. 733	"I generally have neutral trust for people. When people say they aren't something, that makes me suspicious that they might be covering up for something. Admitting your faults, even if they are under exaggerated, seems more natural."734	I didn't know too much information about the peopel you asked the questions about.  The only question you could answer cetainly was who you were talking too. 735	"Everyone seemed trustworthy and were discussing with me that they disapproved of inappropriate behavior, which seemed valid. "736	Based on their answers I would put myself in that situation and think what i would really feel737	I basically took the people almost at their word.  I did consider there was a chance that they were not telling the truth so I never gave them my complete vote of confidence in my answers.738	It was basically a gut instinct. Although the hiking club one I tended to bot trusyt as much. I felt reserved there.739	It seemed simple and straightforward740	logically speaking?741	I tried to put myself in the situation and I drew from past experiences of the kind of people in the scenario.742	"I really just gave people the benefit of the doubt, there was no way i could trust them fully without knowing them."743	based on what they said an emphasized 744	I imagined myself in the scenario and decided from there745	IT was really hard to. It asked how much I liked an trusted a person that I had no information on. I had to be neutral because I knoew nothing about them.746	I made them based on where the scenario was at and past experiences.747	I didn't really know anything about the person so I didn't feel confident judging them748	i processed the available information in the passages and then made a gut decision based on how i felt.749	"I put myself in the place of the ones I was having a conversation with. I tried to mimic their behavior. By putting myself in there place, it made it easier for me to read them."750	the conversatins never involved the second person directly so I gave them the benefit of the doubt.751	Depends on what the characters said752	"I didn't really know the people well so I assumed them as neutral- yes they could be trustworthy, or they could be the total opposite. Since I knew nothing about their level of trustwortyness or dependability, I often chose 4 as an in the middle feeling towards them. "753	I made my judgements based on what is important to me personally. I don't trust people I don't know754	"There was no information given about the people I was asked to have an opinion about, so I was neutral."755	"If someone says they disapprove of something, they generally do not do it themselves. This, of course, is not a guarantee but can be a leading factor in trusting someone."756	Gut feeling757	trusting758	"I generally trust people until they give me a reason not to, but I have to get to know someone before I decide if I like them."759	"Based on having met many people in my life, though there are many more to meet. Pertaining to the cheating and faithfulness in relationship question- personal experience. For the others, I guessed accordingly."760	I based my judgements off the fact that I didn't know anything about them.761	"thought about how individuals who express disaprroval would have some sensitivity to not perpetrate - however, it's true that they could just be about to bad mouth someone."762	Just based on gut reaction and reading of the situation. I guess I also tried to find similarities between the characters and people that I know.763	"Since most people disapproved of those bad actions, and expressed their disapproval, I was more likely to trust them."764	I made judgments based on the people are telling me.765	I thought a lot about the context in which the discussion is being had. I also thought about what type of person would take it upon themselves to discuss the actions of others in those particular contexts.766	I felt I didn't have enough information to judge people.767	I based my responses on how I felt about the questions.768	Based on what people said- I'm very trustig. 769	"Based on trust, in a way, of what was disclosed to me."770	"I didn't know if I could trust most of them, the working on projects one I based on experience"771	"made it on overall experiences in my lifetime, however it seemed as though the study is trying to determine if people fall for insinuations.  What I mean by this is if there are two people that are being compared one person stating that they don't participate in a certain activity can automatically prompt the observing individual to assume that the other individual participates in that activity.  For instance one time when I was younger I was working a very low level job at a warehouse and supervisor was assigning me and another gentleman a task.  The other gentleman was obviously over a different socioeconomic bracket than myself and was not educated.  The supervisor didn't seem to have a high level of confidence and it was obvious that this gentleman I was working with was able to detect this.  He later said to this gentleman ""I don't care what they say about you, I like you"".  My immediate thought was that this supervisor is going to assume that I badmouthed him just based on that comment.  Later that day I was terminated.  I will never forget that situation and I always labeled it a prison like tactic."772	"None of the characters were ones about whom I have any information. I generally put everyone on a clean slate if I don't know them yet, so pretty much all my answers were in the center. I have been accused of making excuses for people far more times than I have been told I am gossipy or judgemental, so I don't know if I am normal in this regard."773	"Since I had very little knowledge about the characters of these stories, I didn't want to form hasty opinions."774	based on how people that I know personally would react775	I made my judgments based on the scenarios.776	Just on instict of people I enctour with..777	"The questions were about people who I was told nothing about, so I was inclined to just be neutral on each question."778	If I knew nothing about the people and had a conversation with the other subject in the scenario I really had little information to base an informative decision on about the second subject.779	I went with my gut like I usually do780	"I don't know these characters so I have no way of knowing whether to trust their statements. It is possible to say one thing and do another, so I would have to wait and see what each of the speakers do, not just what they say. As far as liking or disliking them, I start in the middle of the road, giving people the opportunity to be themselves and see me as myself before I make a decision about how we will relate to each other."781	"How I would judge any person that I don't really know. I didn't know any of these people according to the scenarios, beyond being in a group with them. If I don't know anything about them I would want to give them the benefit of the doubt, but not trust them completely."782	I think I chose the things that  I would want from people. 783	"If I do not know someone I do not trust them. SO, I was easy to say I didn't trust the other persons' I didn't have a chance to talk to until proven otherwise."784	"I try not to make judgments about people I just met or that are being talked about by someone else behind their back. I do not know the person, nor do I know the agenda of the one talking about the person. I genuinely try to come to my own opinion about someone via my own observations. "785	"I mostly take people at face value, but that sports one... well, I've seen too many cases of someone taking the change to cheat when they get it.  So I'm less likely to believe an athlete who says they don't do drugs."786	I figure the person I had a convo with was similar to the one i did not.787	I used common sense as well as experiences that I acquired in everyday life.788	based on what each person said about themselves and how willing they were to gossip about colleagues789	It was difficult. In different situations announcing you do or don't do something is always a little fishy. There are those that announce because they're guilty and those who announce because they're innocent but fear people thinking they're guilty. I think the names of the people played some part. If I had a past history with a name in the study I tended to trust them according to my own person experience. 790	I don't trust people that I not personal dealt with in the past.791	using my gut792	"I didn't let my discussions with one person sway my opinion of others.  As far as I know, I know very little about these people so I am not ready to make judgments about their trustworthiness."793	794	i knew almost nothing about the people being questioned about so i made no judgment795	"Since they may be involved in something bad, I generally lose trust in them already. So I choose by not trusting them that much."796	I made my judgements on the fact that I didn't know anything about either one of the people. I gave them more trust than not because they haven't done anything to make me not trust them. 797	"It was very difficult because I knew nothing about the person I was rating, so I tried to imagine myself in the situation and how I would feel about someone I didn't know very well and didn't know what they were like for each situation."798	"Some things, like cheating in a relationship, are a normal thing to talk about disliking.  Other things, like performance-enhancing drugs, are less likely to come up organically and therefore are more suspicious."799	I made judgements based on how I would in real life. 800	THIS SURVEY REALLY HASN'T GIVEN ME ANYTHING TO WORK WITH. THERE WAS A LACK OF IMFORMATION SO I COULD REALLY GIVE A GENERAL ANSWER ON THE PEOPLE THAT REALLY WASNT DISCRIBED.801	I based my judgements on how much the characters knew about each other and the fact that the characters were very quick to emphasis the behavior that they don't approve of.802	Based on the severity of the offense they were disapproving of803	I generally trust people and there isn't much to go on in the scenarios.804	Most of the scenarios involved moral choices that seemed obvious to me. Those who chose not to cheat or take performance-enhancing drugs were not much more trustworthy to me because those should be the obvious choice. I also took the setting into account. I'm likely to trust a teammate more than a classmate. A team implies more comraderie than a classroom setting.805	If I knew nothing about a person how am I suppose to feel one way or another about them? I chose neutral options with the ones I didn't know.806	"I decided that if you actually had to emphasize your disapproval of something, especially in a general conversation about the whole class or team or club and their possibilities of cheating, I'm probably not going to trust what you say."807	I assumed they were trustworthy since there was nothing bad said about them.808	"It's hard to judge someone that you do not know or talk to, and therefore I am indifferent to the one I did not speak with."809	There wasn't any evidence that anyone of them cheated or took drugs or anything...but for me I just don't trust men..they have always cheated on me...but as for the girls they are trustworthy for the most part810	"I just thought of people I come in contact with on a day to day basis and how many I've found to by lying. Also, I was thinking of the situations and just assessing the likelihood that they'd lie. "