id	reason1	I don't judge them too harshly based on one or two incidents that I don't see as terrible.2	I truly felt that they were not acting in the manner of which they preached. They certainly came off as fake liars.3	"Just based on the severity. Kevin was a hypocrite in the fact that he tried to get out of jury duty...I'm sure everybody tries that, not too bad. Becky on the other hand ignores her moms calls (hypocrite again) which is more of a wrong thing in my eyes. But, I don't know their relationship either, I'm just an outsider."4	By their words and actions5	They committed borderline selfish acts but nothing over the top so i attempted to rate them towards the middle. These small moments don't make up who they are as people6	If they did what they preached or not was important.7	I don't think that doing something hypocritical always equates with being a bad person or being not trustworthy.8	They were not truthful or trustworthy people. Some of the things they did were not as severe as others but we're wrong nonetheless.9	I read the scenario and then decided based on the questions.  10	I based them on what I believe is right. I follow The Bible because God wants us to succeed in being good.  11	The things they lied about didn't seem like a big deal but there was little information to make judgements on someone.  Because a person lies about small stuff doesn't really give any information on the type of person the person is.12	"I think the part that made me hate the characters as much as I did, was the fact that they literally just got done talking about something and then literally do the exact opposite.  Just that level of flip-flopping really irritates me.  I get it a lot of people have ideals of themselves they don't live up to but literally if you say something and that occasion arises two minutes later, just stick to your word, I mean come on folks."13	"Becasue they seemed to be hypocrites, although I'm not certain what their discussions were with their friend but we usually present ourselves as being far more honest than we actually are. "14	I thought they were discussing how they would do those things then they do the opposite.15	i value my morals very much 16	I thought they were hypocritical for doing the things that they said were bad.  I also judged their actions based on my personal beliefs. 17	"I based my evaluations on my judgments of the characters from the stories. My evaluations depend on my own personal experiences and feelings about these things, not so much societal views."18	Because of their actions.19	"I based some of my evaluations on my own experiences. For example, I think family is very important. Thus, I didn't like Becky's character too much when she chooses to ignore her mother's calls."20	"If a person says they have a certain moral value and then they act in a way that contradicts that, then they are hypocritical. "21	I answered that way because I may or may not do the same things.22	Everyone has to do jury duty. Just get it done and move forward. /  / Illegal downloading can really hurt music artists. This is not acceptable.23	becuase anyone who would make a statement and do the totoal opposite be a hippocryte is not very trus worth at all 24	Because they're hypocrites. Putting down others for the exact same behavior you yourself engage in makes you no better than the people you condemn. 25	"Most relevant based on the scenarios was how hypocritical the characters were, since personally, other traits don't reflect characters' actions (this is based on the idea that I can't assume anything else about the characters). Even still, characters weren't COMPLETELY hypocritical since scenario mentioned that characters admitted to ""sometimes doing it."" "26	They said one thing but did the opposite. They did what they said was wrong. 27	"If someone espouses certain beliefs and then acts contrary to them, that person is a hypocrite. If someone tries to circumvent the law, that person is has immoral tendencies."28	I felt that both of the subjects did tell the truth to their friends and they are human.  They don't always tell the truth without meaning harm.  I don't think either would hurt a human.  29	I looked at how they evaluated a specific action and then thought about how that should or should not affect their own action. Based on what they did and said I evaluated them the way I did.30	I think it's wrong to say one thing and then do another.31	That is what I think and that is it.32	I based them off a combination of my own opinions and their actions.33	i have a close relationship with my mom so I think its disrespectful 34	I tried to extrapolate their behavior into a general personality.35	"Becky is a classic hypocrite; she engages in the same minor vices as everyone else, but condemns others for them. However, I do not think there is anything wrong with ignoring a phone call. Nobody has a right to a conversation with you. I appreciate Becky's honesty in this regard, although it does not make up for her hypocrisy. /  / Jack is a similar individual, although I do not think there is anything inherently wrong with wasting paper, provided it is your own. If wasting paper in the names of aesthetics were wrong, the entirety of the arts would have to be shut down."36	Because that is how I honestly felt based on little information given. 37	"Because they did what they said they didn't like others to do, hours after discussing it."38	"I weighted my evaluations on how much they harmed or disregarded all parties involved, including crime victims, employers, the environment and family members. The more self-serving and self-centered they seemed to be the less I liked them, but considered that there may be extenuating circumstances."39	My own life experiences. I understand there are times you may not want to answer your mothers phone calls. I also can say that I've downloaded music illegally and I believe myself to be reasonable trustworthy and not a bad person. I also use a bit of paper as a designer and I've never had to get out of jury duty but I understand.40	"These are not major transgressions in the big picture, so I tended to rate them as moderately immoral. There are much worse behaviors people engage in on a daily basis."41	"How can a child resist downloading their favorite tunes. It would be hard for some, even though they know it wrong same with the paper.  children sometimes ignore their parents  call because they may constantly ask them questions that annoys them."42	"I tried to look at their actions generally, while allowing for some additional possibilities (i.e. there may have been a legitimate reason why they were doing what they were doing)"43	"whatever ""bad"" or wasteful behavior they were exhibiting doesn't really speak to whether they are hypocritical, or unlikable, or the other qualties, The dishonesty quality is related, but many of the others are not. So not really enough information for an informed opinion."44	I read the questions and gave my honest answers on how I felt about them.45	"I think by discussing it with a friend the characters feel a bit of guilt and and recognize that's why they are discussing it.  I don't think that what any of the characters is over the top immoral, it's not murder or grand theft auto, I have been guilty of a lot of the scenarios.  "46	They were blatant hippocrits. You can't trust people like that47	"the downloading music- please the music industry rips off everyone has for years. so i dont care about them.  Jury duty should not be manadory, there should be professional jurors who understand the law. then casey anthony and oj wouldn't have gotten away.not answering your mother call is disrespectful, she get worried you know. wasting paper  just sucks."48	I evaluated them the way I did based on what they said and then what they did. 49	"because breaking the law even something like downloading music illegally is breaking the law and should not be tolerated, also if you are ignoring you moms calls when really you are not in somewhere you can't talk you just do not want to stop and talk to her. she could be calling because there is an emergency who knows she may be in trouble. it is not right to do this to your parent who has sacrificed and guided and protected you for ho many year? grow up"50	I evaluated based on whether or not their behaviors are deemed morally ethical.51	I thought about how I would feel doing those things.52	I evaluated them based on their actions and corresponding behavior regarding what their beliefs were53	"While I don't like the idea of using only one side of a piece of paper, that is not a moral issue to me. To me, morality speaks to a persons virtues such as being hypocritical, kind, or honest."54	"Regarding the mother's call, we don't know the situation. I ignored my mother's call when I knew she was drunk. As far the other situations, the choices the individuals made do not make them bad people. Thoughtless, lack of judgement but immoral? I saved that terminology for really serious things. "55	I don't like when people are hipocrytical. It bothers me.56	Because they made a morality judgement. And then shortly after did the same thing they had just judged to be immoral which demonstrates they are willing to do things they believe are wrong.57	"Because even though they think it's morally wrong, they still were honest enough to admit that they do it.  Just because you know it's technically wrong to do something, doesn't mean you're a bad person for still doing the wrong thing."58	"They are not necessarily bad, just not necessarily perfect either.  None of the ""offenses"" listed are very terrible, they just could have made better choices."59	Based on whether I believed their actions are moral and if they are honest or not.60	"For both I rated them the way I did because of them telling their friend one way people should do things, and then when it came time for them live by what they said, they end up going back on what was said earlier."61	Getting out of jury duty and printing a lot of paper isn't as bad as downloading music illegally and ignoring your mom's phone call. 62	I do not know them so I could not rate how I would like them.  They were both pretty hypocritical and seemed obtuse.63	because i can be a bit judgemental64	"There just wasn't enough information to rate the characters. I don't think single ""immoral"" actions really matter, I think the balance is much more important."65	Becky is a young girl. Since she inst a grown up yet so I don't expect her to act like a grown up. Kevin although lazy and maybe a little selfish isn't necessarily a bad human being.66	You should'nt complain about certain things and then do those same things yourself.67	relative importance of their issues.68	"Jury duty is a pain, and should be done with people who actually enjoy it because they will take more time to come to good decisions.  Downloading illegal music is fine, music is art, and art should never be charged to enjoy.  Especially at the bloated prices music is sold for."69	i could not make extreme evaluations because i do not know them well 70	I based it off my personal views and values.71	Because Becky with the good hair is a current insult.  The actions seem somewhat wrong.72	"If they went ahead and did exactly what they said people should NOT be doing, I think that is hypocritical and makes them less trustworthy since they are not doing what they say or preach to others."73	"I feel the jury system is rigged, the RIAA is heavy handed in a civil issue and music is a right as long as it is not mass sold, these are not moral issues. everything else is up to individual situations, liek the printing should ideally be done sparingly in this day and age but is susceptible"74	I don't think morality exists. 75	I didn't really think that any of the things they did were that bad and they are things that a lot of people do. They are probably still pretty decent people.76	"I based it on the fact that they said one thing, yet did another."77	I put them all kind of in the middle because I would have to know the people in the scenarios better in order to judge their character. It's hard to know what they are really like from just a few instances in their lives. 78	"To me, each given scenario resulted in hypocritical behavior so that led to other judgments about what type of person I thought they were. "79	cause i read what they were doing and some i agree with others i dont and i based my decision on my personal feelings about the issue80	The hypocrisy is more bothersome than their views on ethics.81	"I think that, even though some of those things they did were wrong, but it does not hurt anyone directly. To me, when something is morally wrong is when they did something that impacts the other person negatively, especially when they know it is wrong. "82	I evaluated the characters the way I did because they were hypocrites and that right there says that they are not trustworthy and aren't good people.83	Did they hurt another person84	I evaluated them as I evaluate the people in my life. Most people do things that are hypocritical and that does not make them untrustworthy or unfriendly. There is not enough information to evaluate these people fully. 85	The characters went against what they told others and definitely lied to them. I thought it was very hypocritical.86	I felt that my evaluations accurately described my personal feelings towards the characters.87	"I really don't like it when people say one thing and then are hypocritical about it. If I often try to get out of jury duty or ignore my mother's calls, I probably will say so truthfully, rather than try to pretend I'm a better person. These people need to own up to their flaws and stop blabbing about stuff they despise when they take those same actions too."88	I did because it is important that your actions match what you say.89	Just tried to keep an open mind 90	It was just my gut reaction and experiences. You need to know more about these people to rate them has good/bad/honest/likeable people etc.91	I don't know them well enough to make a moral judgment so I stayed neutral.92	I have a standard of ethics and behaviors that guide my thinking.93	because of how their opinions were the opposite of their actions.94	Need more information to sway me either way. 95	They all seemed like hypocrites. It is hard to trust someone who says one thing and does another. Hard to trust someone when they don't practice what they preach. 96	"I reward honesty, even if it is the cruel truth that a mother goes unloved by her own offspring."97	If they do what they say.98	It seemed right.99	because they said one thing but did another100	"I evaluated them based on what they were doing, such as ignoring the phone call, jury duty situation, etc. I then thought about my stance on morality and personally, I don't think what they do is a big deal at all and I would not place any sort of morals on such petty things. "101	"I believe that if people want to act a certain way, they should just admit it and not lie or be hypocritical.  If you download music, just admit it.  "102	It was just my feeling about them by what i read.103	"Because all of them were hypocritical, which is a personality I can not stand. "104	they lied and did things that were wrong 105	"Generally speaking, matters of morality are distinct from matters of ethics, and in the majority of cases evaluated, the morality of the person was general independent of the situation/property described. For this reason, I hesitated to make any conclusions of questions about morality (lacking a baseline, or moral framework from which to operate). I would have gladly made conclusions about the ethical implications, however, if asked."106	"The scenario said the people are discussing issues, but didn't include whether or not their opinion of something was good or bad."107	"Not answering your mom's calls and trying to get out of jury duty aren't particularly heinous, but the hypocrisy of the other events are too much to handle."108	"Because they said they believed one way, but behaved in the exact opposite."109	I evaluated based on the info I received and my feeling towards them110	BECAUSE SOME THINGS ARE NOT AS BAD AS PEOPLE MAKE THEM OUT TO BE.111	"I get annoyed by people who don't ""practice what they preach"".  Their crimes weren't exactly horrific, but they tend to indicate an untrustworthy, weak-minded person."112	Because they told other people that they think its wrong and they did it.113	They lied to another person about it.114	"If you are criticizing an act, then turn around and do it yourself, it irritates me to no end. "115	Based on my own views of morality.116	You can't judge a character based on a single scenario that involves small issues at hand(I rated the characters mostly neutral).117	"I evaluated them based on the action they are being hypocritical on. For instance, I personally believe it is worse to steal music from the internet and ignore your parents over print one sided papers and attempting to avoid jury duty. "118	It reflected my honest opinion119	I went with my gut and how each situation made feel.120	I thought the actions they did were bad (some more than others) but nothing too extreme.121	"Using the small amount of information that I was given, I thought back to personal experiences and what I thought of those people who had done similar things."122	Based on my own feelings and beliefs. 123	its hard to evaluate the individuals without knowing them. I base the answers on people I know who have done the items listed. 124	I mostly followed my gut responses. 125	Because they say a certain thing is wrong and then they do the opposite when the wrong they detest happens to them.126	Because the characters just recently had a conversation regarding the following topic they discussed but right after that they just easily committed those wrong doings.127	I have very little information to go off of.  I don't think trying to get out of jury duty is a bad thing (especially with some of the cases here where you can be in a lot of danger on a jury).  I do think it's bad to download music illegally.128	"Well, I went with the two sentences you gave  me and I tried to put myself in their shoes to whatever extent possible."129	BASED ON MY OWN MORAL BELIEFS AND VALUES.130	Because they written to sound unethical and unlikeable 131	I thought about why they would do the actions they did. I also thought about the harm they would be causing by their actions at the moment.132	I based my evaluations upon their willingness to do the right thing morally.133	Basically just how hypocritical they were.134	I evaulated them more on hypocricy than morals.135	Some things that the people did were more unethical than others.136	They we're two-faced137	Becky didn't go back on her morals in the example give. Kevin said one thing and acted in a contradictory manner. 138	"I try not to assume too much about people. If they take an action, it may be to protect themselves and that's their business."139	I thought the ones who said one thing and did the opposite were hypocrits.140	I went with gut-instinct answers.141	I remained neutral about their character assessments because I feel the actions presented did not reveal much.142	There wasn't much information so it was mostly based on gut feelings.143	"I guess it depends on how often your mother calls every day and whether you were doing something at the time. Using one side of paper, is a judgement, but I don't think it is a MORAL judgement.  Getting out of jury duty through lying and stealing downloaded music, no matter how common, is still on some way a moral judgement."144	Because it is how I would have acted if  i was them.145	because that is how i honestly felt146	"if they said one thing and did the other, they were being a hypocritical person. Doesn't always mean they are bad"147	based on my own personal moral code148	"I evaluated them based on how bad the decisions are that they made. Some decisions are easier to go against than others, and there is a point to where you can preach about something but if you don't practice what you preach, you become a hypocrite and wrong."149	"If people seem hypocritical, they probably lie about a lot of things. I have a hard time trusting people ho lie."150	"A lot of what they did wasn't so bad, like printing paper one sided, but the fact that they did the thing they claimed moments ago to be morally wrong made them a hypocrite, and made me less likely to like them and trust what they did."151	O evaluated them solely by the words that came out of their mouths152	My main issue with each character was his/her hypocrisy -- the fact that they were doing something they had just stated to be wrong.153	Because all the moral issue were different.154	I am way to cautious of people to begin with so i always question if they are good people or not155	"They said one thing, then did another."156	They lied.157	Just looked at what they said and compared it directly to what they did when they were placed in the exact situation they were talking about.158	It never said that they were discussing how wrong it was to not answer your mothers call or download music. So they weren't being hypocritical. Everyone has moral decisions to make each day. It doesn't make you good or bad just challenged to do the right thing. 159	I evaluated the characters the way I did because they would pick and choose what was morally right and what wasn't. They had strong opinions about one thing they deemed immoral and then hypocritically did something else which someone else may find immoral. 160	"They need to practice what they preach.  I may not be perfect, but I'm not going to tell somebody it's morally wrong to not answer my mother's calls then ignore my mother's calls.  But, they still could be likeable people most of the time even if they are a bit hypocritical, so I didn't go too far down on whether I'd like them or not.  "161	"I evaluated the characters the way that I did because in their conversations, or in their opinions they were not only honest with how they felt, but honest about the fact that even though they feel that these things are wrong, they openly admitted that they do, do the same things. "162	FROM ONE INSTANCE OF THEIR PERSONALITY. 163	I believe people should be honest in their actions164	they were stuborn165	"i evaluated them based on the information you provided, which only pointed out bad things about that person"166	I judged them based on what they said was wrong and if they did the things they said was wrong. People should not be hypocritical. 167	I read the scenarios and decided what I thought the characters would be like in real life. 168	I evaluated them based the combination of how moral each of the two acts were and what I thought that said about the person.169	It just seemed like they were hypocrites and I don't like that.170	I just went with my gut reactions.171	"I believe paper and ignoring your mothers call could have good reasons and be ok, but not the best.  On the other hand with the illegal music and jury duty that is dealing with your morals of honesty directly and I believe are more serious."172	"In general we are taught to do/not do all of those tasks. When other people do make the wrong choice we judge them on what they did. Avoiding jury duty and downloading music illegally are worse that ignoring a phone call or printing a document one sided. However, small snapshots of someones actions make it difficult to judge them well."173	based on my morals174	"I rated the characters the way I did because they were hypocritical. If they have those feelings towards certain actions, they should practice what they preach instead of doing the exact opposite of what they believe is right or just. "175	"Kevin was cool, Becky was just trying to show off"176	"They didn't practice how they preached, regardless of my personal opinion on the morality of their actions."177	"I do not have much dislike for hypocrites. I think that someone can logically acknowledge something and then behave otherwise for unstated reasons (convenience, greed, etc.) and that this does not inherently make them a bad person. As both characters very clearly behaved hypocritically, I marked them both high on the hypocrisy chart. Their other traits, however, I based on the actual deeds they did, and how much I find each act morally heinous."178	based on the words around it and if i could make out what was writen179	because they really do anything wrong that was seriouse180	The people seemed to say one thing and then do another.  These people are not like me and I set the moral standard of good or bad based on myself so the more different they were or more specifically the more different the actions they took compared tot he ones I would have taken made me like them or judge them one way or another.181	I think that each situation could not be looked at the same.  Some of issues were more serious for me than others.  Jury duty is a duty of all citizens of our country. It is a bigger issue than dismissing a call from my mother.  Those were the extremes and everything else fit in between.  182	Because they were hypocritical. If they wanted to skip jury duty or ignore their mother's calls they could've been upfront about it instead of criticizing people that do those things then turning around and doing what they condemned.183	Discussing certain topics with people then soon after doing exactly against those topics are usually viewed negative by most people.184	"Based on their actions after their statements on the smaller moral/ethical issue.  Since we were not provided with their stated opinion on the larger moral/ethical issue, we had to draw a conclusion based on their other statement and actions afterward."185	"Some documents need to be printed single-sided, I don't care about music downloads, you should answer your mother, and jury duty is tough and can cause problems on the job"186	I didn't feel that I could accurately judge if the person was immoral just from one instance.187	THEY WHERE NOT HONEST WITH THEMSELVES AND TO OTHERS .188	I sensed quite a bit of dishonesty in the responses from both of the characters.189	I evaluated them on whether or not they were hypocritical. It is one thing to do something morally wrong. It is even worse when making judgements about an issue and then doing what you said was wrong.190	Some things are more important to me than others.  Just because you try to get out of jury duty doesn't make you a bad person or one that cannot be trusted.  Most people are so busy at work that going to jury duty puts them behind.  It can also be an extremely long boring day so I understand why people try to get out of it.191	"Based off of the small facts I learned about them, they all seemed like not the best people. "192	They didn't do what they say others should do. 193	personal belief 194	I used the the Ten Commandments and evaluated them by that standard.195	"I did not have much information to go on so I used my gut instincts to rate good/bad favor ability towards them based on what they said and then their actions. People who say one thing and do another are a particular pet peeve of mine. Some of the actions alone wouldn't be as big of a deal, such as printing one sided, but when combined with the rest of the information, I felt generally negative about these individuals. "196	Through my own personal beliefs197	Because they were hypocritical and dishonest towards themselves198	Because they were telling the other person one thing and then turning around doing the same thing they got scolded for.199	They are both hypocrites and have questionable morals.200	"We were not told why Kevin had to get out of jury duty - maybe a death in the family, maybe no transportation, maybe he was having surgery that day, etc. If he just skipped on purpose then it was very wrong. Especially since he told his friend not to ever miss jury duty. We don't know if it was a legal document that had to be copied and sent in as is - if possible, we should double side. Downloading something illegally is always wrong and even sites online can cause damages to your computer as well.  To tell something to someone and then to do the direct opposite is being hypocritical - having the do as I say not as I do attitude - I hate it."201	Just based on their actions.  They were doing things that I think are immoral so I judged them negatively.202	I used the information you provided me.203	Their actions.204	It was a personal preference to the issue.  I do not think you should ignore your mother's call or get out of jury duty for no reason205	Because they were hypocritical.206	basic perception of what the thing is that they did with limited information207	I think they are the type of people that don't value anything but themselves.  They are arrogant and don't think at all of others.208	"If you say that something is wrong, but do it anyways, that itself is wrong. That's kinda messed up to do so."209	Just on the different actions that they did and their beliefs on the topics.210	The actions aren't that big of a deal. 211	I do not like hypocrites. I do not trust people who say one thing and do another.212	I don't think the people were being outrageously mean or bad. I just think they had certain preferences that they had.213	Because I don't like when a person says one thing and then does that exact thing that they ridiculed somebody else about.214	They so one thing and then do the opposite.215	They seemed to be more hypocritical despite the things they did216	Because everyone is a hypocrite in some way. That information doesn't allow me to make a judgement about any other characteristics about a person.217	I evaluated them based on my ideas of what is morally right and wrong. 218	"Because the characters seemed certain that the things their friends were doing was wrong, then turned around and did it."219	They were not being environmentally friendly and Becky should have called her mother and paid for downloaded music. 220	Because they did stuff wrong.221	I do not like it when someone says one thing that they take a stand on and then turn around and do that very thing they said was wrong.222	i liked those223	This question is terribly vague. I evaluated them the way that I thought they should be evaluated. No one discussed did anything completely unmoral or unforgivable. 224	"If someone tells someone else that something is morally wrong but says they do it anyway, they are not at all very good or moral people."225	I evaluated them as not honest and hypocritical because they criticized things and then continued to do the same things.226	"Because most people don't know proper printer etiquette and try to get out of jury duty. Music is so cheap, or even free if you stream it, that there is no need to illegally download it. Also, although you may ignore your mothers calls, you never know the consequences of doing so. "227	These scenarios are based on things that our society seems to think are rules that are fine to break. my issue with the characters is that they said one thing and then did another.228	"I really don't like hypocrisy especially when it comes to moral hypocrisy. But they did acknowledge their hypocrisy so I took that into account as well. Also, the moral issues presented here weren't a huge deal in the grand scheme of things so I didn't rate them down as severely as I would in more important moral issues."229	"Some of the behaviors are very bad, like ignoring mom's call or wasting paper."230	do not ignore your mothers phone calls!!!231	That's how I personally believe.232	"because you asked. You want me to go over each question that you asked me? well, lets see..... It is wrong, it is ok, it is wrong, my opinion."233	I looked at what I would have done and used that to judge the morality in the situation.234	"Becky was technically committing a crime, so I judged her a bit more harshly. Printing on one side of the paper is fairly common, and trying to get out of jury duty may be dishonest but not necessarily illegal."235	"they said they believed one thing, but in reality, they did the opposite."236	I judged them to be hypocrites for saying one thing and judging others but turning around and doing that same thing.237	They were liars.238	I don't think downloading music or trying to get out of jury duty necessarily makes you a dishonest person. It doesn't make you a bad person because these are things pretty much everyone does with no malicious intent. 239	"I tried to judge what they did vs what they said, and applied some of my own beliefs in judgement."240	I based it on which actions I believed were worst.241	Based on their actions.242	I judged their actions and words in contrast to my own beliefs243	Based on what I think is morally right and wrong.244	by understanding that just by these two things there are also a lot of different parts of people245	"depending on the situation, there are exceptions for immoral behavior. But someone who consistently does immoral things despite claiming them to be immoral is a hypocrite, and is not someone I want to be around."246	BOTH WERE HYPOCRITICAL FOR DOING THINGS THEY STATED WERE IMMORAL.  THAT SAID SOMETIMES WE DO THINGS THAT WE THINK ARE WRONG BASED ON THE CIRCUMSTANCES247	it was just what I thought was important and what I thought made sense depending on circumstances.248	"I couldn't tell whether they were hypocritical or not based on the scenarios.  However, I thought both were immoral for their actions.  Becky's actions were much more immoral, I thought, so I rated her worse."249	I just went with what i thought was good judgement but nothing to crusial.250	I tried to put myself in their shoes and/or think about circumstances why they would act the way that they did. 251	Because they go against or moral standards.252	Based on my own moral compass.253	"They had an opinion on something they thought was not good, but then pretty much immediately do what they were against. "254	"I just did it based on a gut instinct, my first opinion is what I went with."255	I thought about what one incident may or may not say about them and how likely I would be to take the actions they did.256	it was based more on what they were doing then the characters themselves257	Due to directly contradictory evidenced scenario compared to their expressed ideals in the descriptions.258	I rated both of them negatively for judging thier friends than then doing exactly what they  were taking a stand against.259	Doing things that are illegal are also morally wrong.260	"Because of how their actions reflected their character more than their words did. Saying it is one thing, acting a certain way is another."261	"Becky was hypocritical about something that is illegal, and blew off her mom.  Kevin's situation is more understandable.  Not many people care to do jury duty, as they usually have to take days off of work by using their own vacation pay, and not getting paid much for their service."262	Everyone has flaws and tries to project themselves in a better light to others. Not a fan of hypocrits263	I pictured the situation and evaluate what was right from wrong.264	It seemed morally and ethically right.265	"There is a lot to each other these, but the easier to talk about is ignoring your mom's call. It is very easily corrected by a returned call, and there are legitimate reasons for missing a call. Jury duty is my most ""immoral"" because it is the underpinning to our functional society that already needs work in areas of justice."266	"because I don't any of them personally, this little bit of information does not really say everything about them personally"267	"I considered how each person seemed to speak against a particular behavioral concern.  Yet, each person engaged in said behavior."268	Because they said one thing then turned around and did the opposite of what they said was wrong269	"I think they both displayed aspects of dishonesty, but neither of them were very bad. Their bad habits weren't really a big deal, and doesn't mean that they are actually bad people. "270	"From a life experience as such, I felt that they balanced out to a similar point of view that I was once in and that is what made me evaluate them the way I did."271	"I did not like that they are very hypocritical, even the morally wrong things that they did were not that big of a deal."272	I judged them based on how i would react in their situation273	"Because they were honest about being hypocritical sometimes. It wasn't as if they said ""People should NEVER do this, because if they do, they're horrible people"" and then go and do it. They said they don't like it, they think it's wrong, but that they themselves sometimes do it anyway. Annoying and kind of dumb? Yes."274	Based on my moral values.275	It is difficult to make such sweeping judgements about a person based on a single instance of a single action276	"They both seemed to care about right and wrong, and they were honest enough to admit that they sometimes fell short of their own moral standards. I also don't think the things they did were that terrible. But they did exhibit some thoughtlessness."277	They were hypocritical.278	Just based on the little information given and how I judge the acts.  It could change with more information provided about the people in question.279	They said one thing and did another.280	they where two faced people281	"They were based off of my personal ethics and morals, and as well experiences."282	They did things they said they think are wrong. They are hypocrites.283	"They all stated that they found a certain action to be immoral, and then immediately did that immoral action, which made me view them negatively."284	neither of them did anything that was really terrible so i wasn't too hard on them when i judged them.285	Neither of them seemed dishonest. They were both up front about what they were doing. These also seem like minor infractions.286	I only knew a little bit about them so mostly rated mid range except for hypocrticial which the scenarios proved they were.287	I think getting out of jury duty is bad as it is ignoring a duty and not taking calls a lesser offense as not wanting to talk at all times doesn't state how you feel.288	"There may have been good reason for trying to get out of jury duty or ignoring the mother's phone call. Downloading music illegally is clearly a crime, so I question her honesty more than the other guy. There are often reasons to print things one sided. "289	"Though it was very surface level judgement, they both had their flaws. Knowing Kevin was very opinionated about jury duty, he was very hypocritical when he tried to get out of it. Unlike Becky, where she knew it was wrong, but does it because it's convenient."290	based  on how they followed their own beliefs. some of the things they did i do not find that bad but they said they did...then turned around and did them.291	because i hate hypocrites 292	based on honesty and what the issues at hand were.293	I don't think they did anything wrong.294	I felt that their behavior indicated that they were not necessarily very thoughtful or considerate of others. They appeared to be rather self-focused.295	Based on their actions it does not mean that they are not good people. Everyone does what they do for different reasons. And sometimes they believe that it is not harmful to others.296	"To personalize the situation. When the situation was just presented without a scenario, the situation didn't seem as bad."297	"I went with my gut feelings.  In general, the little things people do can tell a lot about their personalities."298	"You can't make a full judgment based off a few details. Maybe she was busy and ignored the call, maybe the Kevin's document had to be one-sided."299	"Because based on the questions, there were a lot of assumptions made.  I don't like making judgements without more information.  "300	They were dishonest and not trustworthy.301	Mostly because they seemed like jerks.302	"They were hypocritical, which is worse than those acts they were doing."303	I think I might have had a bias against the male (KEVIN). Sorry304	All I have to go off is the little I was told. I give people the benefit of the doubt whenever I can so I try to not judge too harshly.305	"Jury duty sucks, printing on two sides is for tree huggers. Ignoring your mother is mean, she loves you."306	"I felt that they were both behaving poorly. If you will do little things wrong, then it just means it is easier to do the big things wrong. You may start off doing small things but it always leads to worse."307	"They were being hypocritical. It's fine to believe those things, but you should at least stick to what you believe in."308	"Most people have dl'ed music in their lives, so I didn't dislike Becky for doing it.  Ditto for ignoring phone calls.  Text, don't call.  Kevin, on the hand, is nuts.  Morally wrong to print one sided?!  That's crazy talk!  Plus, lying to get out of jury duty isn't the best showing for his character."309	"I didn't think any of these things were particularly morally wrong, although I did find that the men seemed less trustworthy by virtue of being men."310	"There is not enough information given about the characters. The scenario just states they discussed these events, yet did not state what they believed in., so I could not tell if they were being hypocritical or not."311	"I evaluated them based on their actions, which were not very admirable. "312	because thats the way I feel313	"Some of the issues bothered me more than others. I think that not answering your mom's call can be one of the worst things you can do....what if something is wrong? I also work with authors so I know how much it hurts them to have their books pirated, so it bothers me a great deal for someone to illegally download music."314	"I believe Becky to be more morally questionable and untrustworthy since she does something illegal. Kevin tries to get out of jury duty, but I do not know to what degree -- Is he lying to get out?"315	"In both scenarios, each person was speaking from their platforms whilst ignoring the impact their other actions may have had."316	Jury duty is a civic duty and I believe that everyone should participate. The other things were not as cut and dry so I rated them as not as severe.317	Downloading music illegally I stealing from someone. Getting out of jury duty is trying to deny your governmental duty. Not answering your mother's phone call is just mean. 318	"I evaluated them based upon how serious I thought their forms of hypocrisy were. Printing paper single sided isn't so bad, but ignoring your mother seems graver to me."319	"Because I try to see myself in those situations. Either from what I actually did while in those situations, or what the best thing to do would be if in that type of situation."320	"I evaluated them on the basis of their theories and actions, which are opposite. "321	"I evaluated them based on what they did.   However; who am I to judge?  Only God can judge.  Knowing little information about each person as a whole, it's difficult to determine the type of people they are.  "322	Becky ignoring her mother bothered me more than anything else. 323	I don't like liars.324	levels based on relationships. 325	"Because they, themselves said it was wrong to do the things they were doing. Maybe it would have been different if they had explained a few things first, but with the given information they just seemed like bad people. "326	I didn't agree with them telling their friend one thing and then doing another.327	Those were my personal opinions on both of the characters.328	I judged them based on what they felt was wrong and right (or what they told their friends).329	different circumstances put them in that situation330	i think that the persons acted like most of people are acting. Sometimes their doing is not completely morally right but also not a reflection of a bad character. I think its more or less normal.331	"If they think something is wrong, they shouldn't be doing it themselves."332	"Family is more important than music, you should always take your mothers calls. While jury duty may get in the way of a single income family or other obstacle, Kevin was a bigger hypocrite for saying it's morally wrong to print one sided papers, and then doing exactly what he said was wrong. "333	I just rated what each did according to how bad I thought the action was. Illegally downloading music was the worst one.334	Sometimes it is ok to not do something morally correct. Humans are not perfect beings335	I judged them based on the actions they committed336	Because that's the way i felt about them...337	Based on my own judgement of morality338	"Not the fact that they lied, but that they did it immediately after saying those actions were things they didn't like"339	Based my evaluation off of what they were saying to their friends and if it was reflected in their actions. 340	I generally don't like anyone. But people who waste paper or dont answer their mothers I really wouldn't like. They seem like spoiled people.341	I thought of how I would have behaved in the situations. 342	Because of their actions.343	"I tended to dislike them more due to them acting hypocritically. If they were upfront with how they behaved, it would not be as bad."344	Just based on their actions. 345	Because they complain that they won't download music but then goes about and does it. Then there is one getting out of Jury duty and then says it's bad to get out of it. They are not truthful to themselves. 346	"I believe you should say what you mean and mean what you say.  I have no use for people who try to tell you what you should and shouldn't do, and then go and do the opposite."347	Because I read the scenario and made a jugement based on what I read348	Based on their views and their actual actions.349	"I evaluated them based on the fact that they said they felt something was wrong, but then did it themselves. That to me is dishonest."350	It is hard to tell by only a couple of examples how I would generally like or dislike this person.351	I did not like that they preached against something and ended up doing that very same thing themselves. I found that to be hypocritical. 352	I do not believe you can decide how good a person is or how trustworthy they are based on those silly moral questions. I would have preferred to have left a lot of the bars in the middle because I found it difficult 353	They seemed to take for free without giving.354	"They made moral claims that I agreed with, then did the opposite of those things, and that came across as disingenuous and kind of sneaky."355	"I based my evaluations on their hypocrisy, mainly."356	i DONT KIKE HYPOCRITES.357	"Because they just blatantly lied and was hypocritical it was easy to evaluate them, there was no conflict with themselves they just outright did what they thought was wrong."358	because they said one thing and did another359	I felt what they did overall was wrong.360	I evaluated them based on the information I was given and my beliefs361	"I evaluated the characters based on their own words. For example, if you preach about the immorality of downloading music illegally online and than proceed to do it yourself, you're not a good person. In fact, you're hypocritical and shouldn't be trusted in other respects of life."362	Because you should do what you say you do.  If you think something is wrong and then when no one is watching you do it that is not good.  I would be wondering the whole time what they were saying about me behind my back.  There could not be any trust there.363	not sure364	Can't say365	I generally rated them slightly negatively as I was presented with slightly negative information on their moral choices and consistency366	I went with my gut instinct based of the information provided367	There wasn't quite enough information to judge some of the characteristics I was asked about.  Both people were extremely hypocritical though.368	"I felt that if they were that disrespectful, than how could you really trust them. They did not show any honesty."369	"They used scenarios that many people can relate to, such as music and wasting paper or ignoring your parents."370	"They were both very hypocritical, but that doesn't mean that they are bad people.  "371	Based on the background given372	They seemed to say one thing and do another.373	"Saying one thing, then doing the opposite is very hypocritical and annoys me. "374	I cannot evaluate them based on these scenarios alone. 375	"I thought they are hypocrites because they were saying it is wrong to do such things, then they turn around and do it right after. It has nothing to do with the pettiness of the things they are doing."376	"I felt that all these characters did not take the best actions, though none of them were absolutely terrible."377	"They were both hypocrites! They both said one thing and did the opposite of what they said. Besides, it is wrong to illegally download music. That's like stealing, in my opinion. Printing one sided is a personal preference, and not something that can be judged because of paper use. Not answering your mother's calls is subjective. It really depends on what you're doing, if you have time to talk, there are a lot of reasons one might not talk to their mother. It's not like they ignored them ever call. Shrugging off jury duty is a crime and can be punishable. People should just do their civic duty and be over it."378	"I think the characters were being hypocritical which is something I can not stand.  I didn't think what the characters did was that morally wrong, however, they then lied about it.  Therfore, these characters are bad people."379	"I do some of these things on an everyday basis.  Not all that ""morally wrong"""380	Their offenses weren't too severe.  It wasn't like they were stealing or murdering anyone.381	i evaluated them based on my own sense of morality and good behaviors382	Because they were both a bit hypocritical383	"Becky, while being a little dishonest, is only human. And humans are a little hypocritical in nature. I'm sure there are other factors in her decision-making. Also, while there is no excuse for stealing music from the internet, the act has become so commonplace that it's hard to dislike a person for doing it. /  / As for Kevin, while it is our duty as US citizens to perform jury duty, I can certainly understand why he wouldn't want to go. There's no excuse given, so I imagine he doesn't have one, which makes me think a little less of him. Printing on one side of a page is very wasteful, but I don't dislike him for that. I would be annoyed if I saw someone do that, certainly. "384	I just used my moral compass to evaluate them the way I did.385	"I feel like some of their actions, such as downloading music illegally and printing one-sided, while negative, were somewhat low-consequence, while things like ignoring a family member's phone call or evading jury duty were worse. "386	Based on how I feel about things 387	I didn't rate the characters as harshly as I would have rated them if they hadn't admitted to their faults. It was hard to say how morally good or bad they were behaving.388	"As far as jury duty, we don't have all the facts as to why he wants to get out of jury duty. Maybe he needs to work his job to get paid. Maybe it's a religious reason.  /  / Downloading music illegally is just wrong. Musicians should get paid for their work. /  / Not answering your mother's phone calls. Well we don't know the true relationship between the mother and the daughter. Maybe this is the 100th time today her mother has called. But then again maybe the daughter was just being inconsiderate. But what I didn't like was ignoring your Mom calling just so you could download music illegally. That I didn't like."389	"I think there could be others reasons as to why one needs to get out of jury duty, yes its mandated but some people only get paid for when they do work and needing to attend jury duty can take money away from their family. / With the paper printing, it is wasteful to print one sided when the project really could be printed on both sides, I think some people just don''t really think about how much they are wasting stuff. / I'm not sure why one would want to ignore their mother's phone calls, so for her to say don't ignore and then ignore is so hypocritical.  / Downloading illegal music is wrong, it does take money away from the artists who worked hard to make the music."390	I don't like people that try to get out of things.391	I think that their actions were hypocritical because they espoused one thing and then did another.392	There are exceptions to everything. I also didn't have much other info on them so I was cautious to judge.393	I don't believe that any of those situations are that morally wrong. 394	"because they said one thing, then did another"395	"To get a good evaluation, I graded the characters like how I would a real friend. If they were good, honest and trustworthy, I graded them good. If not, it was on the other end."396	We don't know the reasons why any of the actions were performed. 397	Based on my own character398	they did the same thing they criticized.399	"THEIR EVALUATION WAS BASED ON THEIR OWN TESTIMONY ONE IS IF A PERSON FEELS THAT IT IS MORALLY WRONG NOT TO ANSWER THE MOTHER'S CALL WHEN IT COME TO SOMEONE ELSE. YET, THAT SAME PERSON DOES IT TO THEIR OWN PARENTS, THEN THIS PERSON CAN NOT BE TRUSTED BECAUSE THE VIOLATE THEIR OWN WORDS."400	I evaluated both similarly because they are both saying an action is bad and doing it themselves. The characteristic of being hypocritical signals dishonestly and someone I wouldn't trust as they sort of lie by being hypocritical401	"Based on only what was given, both characters were very hypocritical and therefore not good people in my eyes."402	"They weren't of the highest character, but their faults were those that many people share. They weren't really THAT serious."403	"I evaluated them based on how I have thought about similar people that acted the same way. I would expect the female to be on her moral high ground when discussing illegally downloading music. She doesn't do it all the time, just to the people she thinks she's better than. The male is likely just saying random thoughts that don't mean anything to him to some other male in which they will both not remember."404	"I didn't think the things that they were doing were all that bad, and they were honest that even though they think it's a bad thing to do, they sometimes to it. So to me, they aren't ""bad"" people.. Just people."405	I think that Becky and Kevin are both hypocrites and there for are untrustworthy and not the kind of people I like. 406	Because they were hypocrites.407	Becky's actions don't have consequences as big as David's actions.408	"Not a fan of hypocrites, but they're not Hitler or anything."409	i hate hypocrisy!410	"Well, I don't think you can really tell how much you like someone weather or not they ignore phone calls or print one sided so I tried to stay neutral. I did think they were potentially hypocritcal to say one thing and do another, but that doesn't necessairly make them dishonest. "411	"Because they committed actions which were opposed to the moralistic beliefs they espoused verbally.I did not choose that they were totally dishonest as I don't know other aspects of their character. However, these scenarios showed the subjects to be very hypocritical."412	"I thought it was hypocritical for them to express their distaste for doing certain things, and then turning around and doing them anyway."413	They were both hypocritical.414	I think some issues are wrong but some are not as bad as others.415	One was a direct contradiction416	"Nobody is really all that good; we all have our besetting faults. That doesn't excuse what we do, but hopefully makes us a bit more charitable towards each other. I think the worst they are guilty of is hypocrisy... don't go around telling someone you think something is wrong and then blatantly engage in that behavior. "417	"I felt the characters tried to make someone else feel like a bad person because of the things they did, but they in turn did the same things, but stood for something else."418	I think it's wrong to ignore your mother.  I speak to my mom several times a day.  I don't believe we should be forced to do jury duty.  I myself have never done it and never will.  I don't have the time or interest and I don't think it's more important than my career and missing days at work.  Printing several sheets of paper...not a big concern.419	"I do not have a problem with downloading music illegally, but jury duty is a civic responsibility that everyone should be involved.  Not answering your mother's phone call is wrong, but I do not think it is all that morally wrong.  I also think that wasting paper is wrong, but do not think it is all that morally wrong."420	"I don't necessarily think the things they did were bad, but to tell someone else you think something is ""morally wrong"" and then to turn around and do that exact thing is not cool."421	They were hypocrites. Every single one of them did they action they said was wrong. 422	I think that's a fair judgment of their actions. 423	"Jury duty is something people just do.  We need to do it and be responsible. /  / Concerning the phone calls, you don't know if something is an emergency or not or someone may really needs your help.  It's best to pick up the phone given the unknowns. /  / On music, people make a huge investment of their time, talents, and finances for recording studios / real estate, equipment, and the electrical bill.  It's only fair to them to earn the money for the music they made and the sacrifices they made to make it available.  Once the electricity is used in the facility, it's used and the bills need to be paid."424	Because they said one thing and did another which is hypocritical.425	it is just hard to determine so i can't really determine what they have done. 426	"The issues they discussed were generally unethical to some degree, but none of them were hugely important issues (especially the single-sided printing, which has its own uses compared to double-side)"427	I think that some things are way worse than others depending on the scenario428	"Because I have a lot of trouble with people being hypocrites, they act like everyone should do this or that and then they don't even practice what they preach. One of the worst human fails there is and it disgusts me. Doing anything illegally of course is bad news. Ignoring your mother's calls can be bad unless she's the type to really get on one's nerves without thinking about what she's doing or saying."429	I don't really know these people and you really cannot judge how worthy or trust worthy they are without know more about them even the most honest people have there situations.430	By how bad I think the behavior was.431	I thought skipping jury duty was the worst thing to do. I didn't think ignoring a phone call or downloading music were that bad because they are very common and everyone does them at some point.432	I rate hypocritical people worse than if they were just honest about how they felt.  The hypocrisy is the bigger issue.433	"I thought that they were hypocritical because they said one thing & thing did another. For that reason, they also weren't being very honest."434	The behaviors they were engaging in were not morally wrong.435	I looked at whether or not people behaved in a proper manner.436	The first character seemed to appear as one being selfish.  The second was to me more morally wrong by not answering her mom's calls and downloading music illegally which hurts the artists who created the music.437	honesty and integrity438	SEEN LIKE THE RIGHT ANSWER. 439	"I feel as though the characters in this scenario are recognizing that certain things that are often done for convenience are not the best way to do things.  With more effort or more expense, they could do it the right way, but typically choose the option that will grant them the most immediate gratification. The actions are not hugely damning.  It shows that they are either slightly lazy or selfish, which is, in my opinion, an unfortunate symptom of the human condition.  "440	"What I would do in my own life, losing my parents etc. Everyone wants to get out of jury duty. / Plus we were not given a lot of info on what was printed etc, and for what reason....."441	"Something I just didnt see to be as bad as others, and because people make bad choices, doesnt mean they are bad people"442	I don't like hypocritical people. 443	I don't know. I just did what you asked. `444	"Based off my of my pasts experience with people who contain these same ideologies. It shows selfishness and un trust worthy when someone goes against what they say. Its like a vegetarian eating meat. If you can so easily betray this, How can I trust you?"445	"Depends largely on their stances and how I feel about them. I find music downloading essentially victimless and mostly a concern of big business and some misguided artists. Jury duty is a noble thing, but also can largely get in the way of those whose life and even careers it can disrupt. The paper issue is environmental, while ignoring one's mother's calls is a problem in cases when the call could be very important, even a life/death situation."446	"Without knowing more about someone, these could be isolated incidents. These four things can be categorized as ""bad"" behaviors but without knowing the full scenario or person you can't use that to make an assumption about that person entirely."447	Based on what they said and did.448	They said one thing and did the opposite. 449	"At least they did not rationalize what they were doing, basically admitting they were doing something wrong. That type of hard honesty is impressive."450	"It's less about the act itself and more about when people say they are against something and then go and do it immediately. If you have an opinion, stick to it."451	The characters were very hypocritical.452	"They admitted they don't live up to their ideals, so I gave them some credit for that. I'm not super morally against illegally downloading anything."453	"I believed that although what they did was wrong, the most wrong thing they did was to pass judgement on certain actions and then follow that with actually doing those actions they called deplorable. As far as downloading music illegally goes, I believe this is a question of the media not being distributed properly. Downloading illegally is a distribution problem by the people who are in charge of music. Therefore, I see this as less morally wrong than I do other things presented in this exercise."454	I didn't like Becky because she was disrespecting her mother. Which I would not do. The other guy was the same as me. I too would try and get out of jury duty or not be wary of my printing habits.455	Just how I felt at the time. 456	"I evaluated Becky more harshly than the actor in the second scenario  (that is, judged her less honest and likeable) because she said one thing (take your mom's calls) and did another.  In addition she illegally downloaded music, something that is clearly wrong.  The actor in the second scenario said printing one sided was wrong, but admitted he did it and thus was less hypocritical.  He then proceeded to print a large document one-sided - a violation of his self-stated ideal -- but not an illegal act.   I thus judged him more favorably although not very positively."457	"I feel like doing anything which is considered ""morally wrong"" can make you untrustworthy, unlikeable, a bit hypocritical, and generally not a good person. In short, I evaluated those characters the way I did based off of their actions. Your actions always dictate how you will be viewed - in my opinion anyways."458	Hypocrisy is a major character flaw and colors my views of the characters.459	"It's difficult to judge a person just by two certain situations, especially when you don't know the circumstances for each one."460	I believe in honesty at all costs & these people portrayed didn't seem very honest or trustworthy.461	Evaluated them based on my opinions of their actions.462	I think that going back on one's word violates trust and various other elements such as liking a person 463	"I found both cases hypothetically because they believed it was morally wrong, but committed the task anyways. In addition, ignoring your mother's call and trying to get out of your citizen duty to attend jury duty is also very dishonest."464	these are small issue that don't make a person bad or not trustworthy. downloading music or not calling someone back or jury duty are not big issues in life and dont reflect on quality of an individual.465	"Based on how they acted in a certain situation, looking at my own morals, and then putting myself in their shoes."466	I didn't think any of them were bad people just because they did what they thought was morally wrong.  The issue I have is saying it's morally wrong and then doing it.  Just don't say it.  It's too hypocritical and gives a perception that you're not trustworthy to some degree.467	"I mostly rated people in the middle. There wasn't a lot of information in the description, so I didn't think I could make distinct conclusions."468	"I evaluated them based on how morally wrong I though their actions were (they were both hypocritical, so they were similar in that respect). "469	I bases the way I evalution on if I had done this before470	"Because that is how I feel, and these people sound completely oblivious to reality and would be awful to deal with."471	"Because I knew nothing about them, and it was impossible to form any clear opinion on them based only on the information given. "472	They were doing what they told others not to do which made me rate them honestly. 473	Because you only presented one side of the story. Perhaps Becky didn't get along with her mother. Have you ever performed jury duty? The wait can be hectic and uncivilized. Downloading music is a norm these days. Did you ask the record company about cheating artists out of their royalty money? There were too many unanswered questions to make a moral judgement.474	They were very hypocritical about serious moral issues. They pretended to be noble presumably for respect or attention and then completely abandoned their stated ideals immediately. The paper printing/ music part didn't bother me as much as the double faced response to the bigger issues.475	I thought about people who I know who did those things in real life and how I felt about them. It helped me put the actions into perspective.476	I just think about the people in my own life and how I would feel if I was in that situation. Both people seem pretty hypocritical  and that bothers me.477	"Since there was no mention of whether they approved or disapproved of the things they had discussed and then did, I found it hard to determine if they were hypocritical, but I generally went with my normal evaluation of those behaviors and would have changed it if they'd specified what they said to others about those behaviors."478	Probably mostly based upon my opinions.  Just what I thought about the things they had done.479	"Basically, it was the hypocrisy of each that had the most impact on my judgement of them. For example, I don't really care whether people download music or not, but if they're going to moralize about it, their actions need to be consistent with the viewpoint they express."480	I just used logic to evaluate them since I don't know much about them. I just judged whether their action were hypocritical or wrong not taking into account any other extenuating circumstances. For example stealing is wrong and downloading music illegally is stealing therefore making it and immoral action and the person hat does it untrustworthy. 481	"Morality is not black and white, just because someone thinks something is morally wrong doesn't mean they think it's SO wrong that it should never be done."482	"The hypocrisy was the problem. I have illegally downloaded music and tried to get out of jury duty myself. However, I freely admit to this and don't go around telling people it is immoral. Believe what you want, but practice what you preach. "483	Because noones perfect but  i try tohold my self  upto the  same  morals484	"I don't like it when people don't practice what they preach. If you're going to sit there and tell someone why they should or shouldn't do something, you should adhere to those principles as well."485	"Based on morals mainly, I think stealing is a bad thing and should be frowned upon. The others not so much. "486	Because I see nothing wrong with downloading music that way. Artists are giving them out for free anyways lol. Who wants to do Jury duty anyways?487	I just went with my gut488	They were both liars.  They said one thing and then did another.  489	Most weren't too bad or didn't have enough information to really judge them on.490	Because they were hypocritical and dishonest. The attempted to present themselves as better than they truly are.491	"The first scenario was getting out of civic engagement and the gentleman sounded like he was on a soap box about the morality of jury duty. Environmental concerns as well about the paper. They seem more hypocritical to me. In the second scenario, Becky just downloaded music illegally like many do and maybe she didn't answer the phone that one time because it was not the right time. She can always call her mother back, you cannot call back jury duty."492	it felt right to me.493	"Based on the scenario, given the biggest flaw in their characters was the hypocrisy of what the told other people and not the actions they committed."494	"Because that's what I believe to be my subjective opinion based on the information provided - I find certain things more morally corrupt, right, wrong, etc. than other things.  I also think one can be honest and untrustworthy at the same time."495	I used myself as the example and judged the people based on how I felt. I would not use a lot of paper and I would not try to get out of jury duty. Those are only a few of the examples that were given.496	most logical to me497	"you wanted my opinions, so there you are"498	"If they said they did not agree with something they did it, they are dishonest and hypocritical.  Not saying they are bad people."499	The only things I was told about them didn't show them in a very good light. There weren't any positive examples of their behavior.500	I evaluated them based on their hypocrisies and how they present themselves vs. how they actually are.501	Their actions leaned towards those of a dishonest person. 502	"I don't like people that tell others how to live their lives. And when those people proclaim judgments, then turn around and do the same things themselves, it just makes me shake my head. "503	Because the characters say one thing and do the exact oppisite504	Mainly based on the fact that they were not only judgmental but also extremely hypocritical.505	Hypocrisy and judging others poorly for things they themselves do is generally unacceptable and wrong is most if not all situations.506	I judged them based on how I would react in the given situations.507	I think your actions show who you are in most cases.508	I evaluated the characters the way I would've if a friend or someone I knew did them and based on personal experience.509	Because they showed their true colors and were individuals that seem to be super selfish and then judge everyone else510	Based on how the behavior was likely to affect relationships or the livelihood of other people.511	I don't care what the characters actually did what bothers me is that they weren't following their own beliefs. 512	I evaluated them based on my own feelings and experiences. 513	"Based off information that was provided, I madejudgements about each character."514	"Based on my experiences with people, the hypothetical people generally fit a certain stereotype."515	 the things they were accused of doing were very minor516	I just based the answers on my own moral beliefs 517	"I looked at their words and how their actions aligned with those words.  If they believed one idea but engaged in the opposite, then they were hypocritical."518	"Both said they'd do one thing, and did the opposite, so they were hypocrites.  The girl also stole music, which is wrong."519	"It is a matter of degree.  Stealing music is far different, for example, that printing a document one sided. "520	"Just because they made the choices they did, it does not necessarily rule them as being a bad, dishonest and untrustworthy person.  Sure some of the things they did were not so great but we all do things at times that we probably shouldn't and I don't think that rules us out to be bad people or dishonest or untrustworthy."521	Because they are being hypocritical which is worse than anything else. 522	"Because for most of them, they did bad things when they weren't being watched which makes me dislike them and think poorly of them. "523	"I evaluated them based on my own values. If they did something I considered morally wrong, I judged them negatively."524	"It didn't matter to me as much that the girl downloaded the music illegally, but that she told someone she thinks it's wrong and then did it. It matters more to me that you say something and then your actions follow-up on your words. If you believe in something, then show me you believe it. I don't like hypocrites."525	Being hypocritical is not a good thing. Some situations can be justified though with valid points. Their were no valid points here.526	I did not see anything wrong with what they did.527	I evaluated them based off what I have been raised to believe is right and wrong.528	"I felt they were hypocritical for saying a certain action was wrong, then doing that exact action.  However, I did not necessarily think their hypocrisy necessarily made them such a terrible or unlikeable person; in the grand scheme of things, I felt their ""misdeeds"" were somewhat minor. "529	They said something was morally wrong but did it anyways. 530	"I evaluated them how I did based only on the information provided, which made them come across as hypocritical."531	"I do not consider the things they done to be that bad, but it's not exactly right either."532	Because I can't base someone's honestly whether or not they download music or print paper single sides. I don't think it says too much about the type of person they are.533	"I evaluated the characters based on the second part of the statement.   For ignoring their own mom to using paper, both characters contradicted themselves in the previous statement. "534	based on if they were hypocrites535	Because they did a lot of negative things536	Because I felt they were bad people.537	Becuase they did things that weren't good538	That is just how I felt about them539	"I felt like there wasn't enough information to determine whether the characters were good people overall or trustworthy. Even though using too much paper, trying to get out of jury duty, and downloading music is wrong, it's something a lot of people do and doesn't speak to how they behave with closer friends and family, nor does ignoring a single phone call.  "540	They said they thought it was wrong to do those certain things but admitted to doing it sometimes anyway. Just a little silly if they were to do them right after telling someone they thought it was wrong. You'd think since they had just thought about it they would do what they thought was the right thing. 541	The characters said one thing and did another. That shows dishonesty and hypocrisy. I judged them more harshly on their hypocrisy. / 542	I evaluated the characters based on how I personally perceived the actions they were doing.543	because they are being hypocritical544	I evaluated them that way because I dont see what the point was for them to say that just to do the opposite. I don't like it when people are hypocrites. 545	I guess I'm a hypocrite. I judged them for doing something that I don't really feel is morally wrong.546	They just said how wrong it was to do these things then turned right around and did them.547	"I was mostly concerned by the characters' hypocritical actions. Their other actions certainly weren't good, but they didn't concern me very much."548	I feel that hypocrisy is pretty lame but not the worst characteristic someone could display.549	Nobody is perfect.. I am also guilty of doing all those things described in the scenarios.550	"There  is a lot of context; jury duty is almost  punishment where I live and my mother usually calls to  say ""call me back at this time."""551	Jury duty is a civic duty we all have to suffer through for the benefit of our legal system and printing a large document without going double sided is just not cool. I'm a lot more understanding of downloading a song and ignoring a parents phone call. 552	I don't care for people who say one thing and then go and do another thing that contradicts what they claim they stand for.553	Because I felt their actions were slightly morally wrong and they were hypocritical because they did the very thing they said was wrong to do554	I think the hypocritical nature led to my negative opinions555	They each admitted that even though they thought it was wrong they did do it sometimes. I felt that this made them honest and not hypocrytical.556	I evaluated them the way I did based on the characters actions.557	"Some people have a good reason to get out of jury duty, so I was indifferent to that. Illegally downloading music is obviously illegal, so it's not good. Ignoring the mother's phone call could mean she will call her back later when she has more time. Printing on only one side of a paper could mean that the person is incompetent, or has a specific purpose for printing on one side of a paper, so I couldn't really judge that."558	by relating the scenarios to how I live my ife559	"even if what they did is not very wrong, it is hypocritical of them to specifically suggest that they would do the opposite"560	"Some actions are morally wrong, while other actions are just not right."561	The first character stated he didn't like an action and he did it anyways making him a hypocrite. The second character stated she didn't like an action but said she does it sometimes which is not a lie or hypocritical.562	"Overall, the characters are not awful people. Especially Kevin, what he does is not morally wrong, but very hypocritical. Downloading music illegally, on the other hand, is morally wrong. Becky is both immoral and hypocritical."563	Some of the things that were morally wrong werent as bad.564	not responsible565	"I gave them some slack; because even though the text said that the person and their friend ""discussed the topics"" it didn't necessarily mean that the discussion was favorable of those topics. For example, Becky could have told her friend that she doesn't take her mom's calls because her mom was being mean or that she didn't think it was wrong to download music illegally. Therefore, it's possible that she is very nice and honest; but just happens to be wrong in what she believes."566	I mostly evaluated them the way I did because they were being very preachy about behaviors in the first part of the scenario and then they turned around and did the exact thing that they were preaching against. This kind of thing makes it very difficult to trust them.567	based on my feelings568	They said one thing and did the opposite. That's the definition of hypocritical behavior and it gives me a bad impression of the characters.569	Because it's harmful to the environment to waste paper and it can be ok to ignore a call if you don't want to talk at the moment. Those things are a huge deal in the large scope of things. 570	I thought I rated them as fairly as I thought571	"I hate hypocrites. If you say and argue for something and then do the opposite, it makes everything that you stand for invalid to me. "572	I evaluated him on his skills573	"Becky seems like someone i know. But usually if you are hypocritical, you are a bad person. It was very difficult to evaluate."574	Because they said they disapproved of something and then went ahead and did it575	"It's because they were both hypocrites, you don't lecture another person on their choices if your doing the same or worse things. And if your lecturing someone about doing something and then doing that exact same thing you are either a dick or liar or both.  "576	I valued things that I consider to be more important morally wrong and vice versa.577	I was really given mostly negative information about them.578	"This survey is letting social judgments slip into the realm of morality. That isn't how things work. For example, the only thing morally wrong with getting out of jury duty is lying. The actual jury duty part is a citizen's obligation, not a moral obligation."579	"Because to tell a blatant lie to someone's face, just to make yourself seem like a better person, is very wrong and denotes an untrustworthy person who is most likely capable even worse acts."580	I based it off of my gut feelings towards them.581	I evaluated them in accordance to my personal values582	I evaluated the characters the way I did because their actions went against what they professed their beliefs were.583	The questions being asked spoke of their characters.  584	"I don't know, just based on gut feeling. When I think about it it wasn't very rational."585	I evaluated them on their actions and how those actions are stereotypical of certain personality traits.586	The actions they did aren't that moral but calling it hypocritical is a bad assumption.  You don't know the discussion that the two had.587	They were very hypocritical.588	I used my personal moral code.589	"1. Mother could be ill and need help. Hurtful and dangerous to ignore her call. / 2. Downloading music illegally is just plain wrong. / 3. Printing large amts of pages single sided is stupid, if it can be printed double-sided.  Wastes resources of paper and ink. / 4. Trying to get out of jury duty is the same as trying to avoid responsibility. I did want to be excused for one jury duty call, but I went to the call and went through the interview and was eliminated by the attorneys. I did not want to be part of the jury because it was a murder case."590	I guess just general reaction of most people in society. Seemed like clear right vs wrong.591	I evaluated them on the way that I would personally act given the same choices they've made.592	well i personally think be a hypocrite is wrong even though people do it wether intentional or not. i think that theres nothing wrong with just printing one sided nor trying to get out of jury duty.593	Thats how i think about them. That was roughly it. 594	"I evaluated them equally. It wasn't really about the specifics of what they thought was morally wrong, but that they were being hypocritical and would likely judge someone for doing something that they themselves would do."595	I based my opinions on how I would feel if that was me and if I thought it was morally wrong or not596	"Because they both are hypocritcal and did exactly what they said they thought were morally wrong. They each were honest by saying that they ignore calls or try to get out of jury duty and do it, but you can 50/50 trust people who are hypocrits but honest with some things. I can't determine if I like either one of them by the little bit of information that's why I left that in the middle."597	"None of the characters were involved in anything that I have strong moral opinions about (except maybe wasting paper), so I went with my intuition."598	"I generally didn't think they were bad people, but I certainly did think they were hypocrites and not very trustworthy."599	They made statements about their beliefs but didn't show their beliefs through their actions.600	"I actually kind of sympathized with the characters. Nobody wants to go to jury duty, and I do download music illegally personally."601	"Discussing these issues and then doing them doesn't give anyone a label. While all of these are wrong in their own way, they don't make someone a bad person for doing them."602	Because they were not very honest.603	thought process604	I evaluated them fairly good because  the things that they were doing were things that most people do.  Also they were honest about how wrong they thought something was but admitted that they occasionally do it anyways.605	"In general, I thought that the characters showed about as much dishonesty and hypocrisy as the average person. It doesn't make them appear very likable (in the absence of a description of any good things they may do), but I can't judge them too harshly, because they're not much different from the average person."606	Both characters stated that it is morally wrong to take a particular action without mentioning that they actually take that action. 607	"Because they were pretty selfish and looking out for their own needs, while ignoring the needs of others."608	I evaluated them in this way because I felt that they were dishonest and hypocritical. They did the same thing they told their friend is wrong to do.609	I went with my gut for each one.610	"downloading is illegal, but the other activities are not illegal (just bad manners)."611	"We were not given any information about what their opinions were regarding [hone calls and jury duty, etc.,so I could not tell if they were being hypocritical or not. There may have been extenuating circumstances for why one wanted to ignore her Mom's calls or avoid jury duty. As for downloading illegally, that is the only action that really determined whether the girl was trustworthy,etc."612	"Even though some of the things these people did are the same things a lot of good people do, they told their friend that it is morally wrong to do so.  Yet they did them anyway.  "