id	reason1	"I think laws are in place for a reason, and using paper that way is wasteful."2	They did things they I thought were wrong.  They were hypocrites.  They said one thing and did another.3	"I TRY TO DO THE RIGHT THING. I AM NOT PERFECT, BUT I TRY."4	Because of their actions.5	"If they took part in the conversation, they should have followed the convention established to be correct"6	Based on instinct.  Some actions change people's opinions.7	"I don't think any of these things are that big of a deal. None of them alone make me able to judge a person as honest, trustworthy, likable, etc. "8	i just went with my gut instinct after i read the passage above and answered the questions accordingly.9	i guess thats th way i read. its very hard to tell apart letters in cursive.10	"I went with my gut feeling and tried to determine how big of a deal it was with what they ended up doing, or not doing. How big of a moral issue it was came into play with how I viewed their character. "11	"I based their trustworthiness and other various aspects of their character based on the information given and also on the fact that I think that most people are trustworthy and honest. The examples given were what I consider small white lies, and someone lying or being a hypocrite about something as insignificant as the examples doesn't warrant me to not like them nor does it make them untrustworthy either. "12	All of them did exactly what they said they believed it was morally wrong to do.13	They all flat out lied. Their actions probably wouldn't be seen as bad without the lies and hypocrisy preceding the act. 14	I ev aluated them based off of my own personal morality. 15	My sense of something being morally wrong depends on others being harmed by the action.16	because i am not quick to judge others17	its just the my understanding18	they weren't bad...they were alright..19	I evaluated the characters the way I did because although I don't appreciate some of their actions I didn't feel that it was a question of morality.  However when it is something illegal I do think that signifies at least to some degree an immoral act. 20	I went with my feelings of the issue that was mentioned.21	"it was the hypocrisy rather than their actions which was indicative of the type of person they are-- ie, negative"22	"Depending on how bad what they did was, I rated them based on that."23	I found it less problematic for them to engage in behaviors that I do not consider morally wrong.24	"Just because someone is a hypocrite in certain situations, doesn't mean they are a bad person. "25	I BASED MY DECISION ON WHAT I WOULD DO IN THE SITUATION26	I sometimes did those thing also but that does not mean I am a bad person.27	just because they were going against what they had just discussed does not make them hypocritical because the text does not say what their opinion of it was- just that it was discussed28	I evaluated by what their actions are after what they claimed. They all lied.29	I evaluated them on hypocrisy only.30	It seemed they were willing to talk about other peoples bad habits and yet afterward they act that very same why. 31	Well nothing that any of them really disturbed me much in anyway but they did appear to at least be hypocritical why is why i rated the hypocrisy the most severely. I did not rate the other questions as critically because I was only presented with one instance per person so for the most part I was not sure as to how severely to rate them.32	I evaluated based on what I would do if that happened to me.33	I based it on my won personal feeling and my experience and knowledge of the topics.34	Because they were all being hypocrites35	Most people in those situations would most likely act in similar ways. I do not consider any of these particularly strong moral issues. 36	"I evaluated the characters because if they say something, then it is wrong to go back on what they preach"37	"I thought about them as though they would be people I could or might know, and made a decision on how I would react to the."38	I thought about how bad what they did was and how likely it was that they didn't mean to be hypocritacal.39	"I weighed the severity of the ""Bad"" actions that each character did. The one trying to not go to jury duty was the most severe, so I didn't him/her them the most."40	I think that most of them were very hypocritical in saying one thing and doing another.41	I based them on how hypocritical I thought they were or how bad I felt their actions were. 42	"Because they alll did the thing they said they didn't do. I didn't rate them too harshly though, because we don't know the reasons why they did those things. For example, the one who printed single-sided may have had no choice for a school assignment."43	there is a right an wrong for everything. simple deduction.44	"I think the worst thing you can do is turn your back on family, so it is the worst to ignore your mother's calls, but you also can't judge how good of a person someone is based on one scenario."45	based on my own beliefs on the subjects and actions46	"I evaluated them based on how bad I thought the action was. I tried to imagine reasons they would give for doing those things. Perhaps the person's mom is quite a mean person, for example. And I tried to not judge them too much on hypocrisy because their hypocrisy would depend on whether they agreed with their friend who was criticizing the actions--and we do not know if any of them agreed or disagreed with their friends."47	"If they said one thing was wrong but did it anyway and lied about, then they were wrong. But I wasn't going to write them off as a totally terrible person based on one thing."48	that's the way I felt like evaluating them.49	"I don't know all the facts.  Maybe the paper was  required to be printed one-sided by the professor or boss' instructions.  Maybe the person that didn't answer his mom's phone call was in class or at a doctor's office and will call her back asap, and maybe the reason the person tried to get out of jury duty was because she just had a baby, was sick, or had a recent death in the family.  The only one that none of the outside facts mattered for was illegally downloading music.  It is illegal and there is never a reason to do it.  It's not fair to the artists that put so much time and effort into making the music. As far as honesty/trustworthiness.  I generally assume people are dishonest until I get to know them, and I don't know if I like the people or how good these people are, because I don't know anything about them except this extremely little snippet."50	Whether they affected human beings and morals versus the environment or rich musicians. 51	They did not do anything that was super outlandish. It was things I would do as well.52	"Based of my own personal experiences, along with my personal moral and ethical code."53	"In none of the scenarios was it mentioned if these characters spoke 'badly' about this person. So, it was hard to determine if they were hypocritical or not. I simply evaluated them based on the activity then."54	they didnt say anything about their action before hand55	i used my own views56	"Based on my personal views. It was, however, repetitive and in the end I judged them on how I viewed hypocrisy, which is fairly harshly, rather than what the situation was."57	because I really don't know that other than whats being said about them in the study58	Based on how bad I felt each of their hypocritical acts was.59	"I feel hypocrisy, intentional, or not, is a bigger moral failing than the moral failings mention."60	Just my opinion and how I would normally judge people.61	"It depends on whether or not I do those things myself - I think getting out of jury duty and ignoring your mothers phone calls is wrong. It's very hypocritical to call someone out about doing something and then doing it yourself, and that makes me think of you if you do it."62	I went with my gut feeling of how I would judge the characters based on their actions. In some of the cases their actions may have been an exception to the rule.63	Based on how bad I believe their offense to be.64	"There are different degrees of culpability, and doing something wrng doesn't always make you a bad person."65	I based my responses off of personal experience. 66	Because they were hypocrites.  Saying something totally different to a person and then doing the opposite.67	"All of them were hypocrites, at the least, so they were on that side of the scales (dishonest, hypocritical, etc).  The degree of it, for me, was tied to the degree of harm whatever they were doing caused."68	I judged based on who would get hurt.69	"I based my evaluation on my personal experiences and beliefs, as I assume most people would do. I can understand why someone would avoid phone calls from their parents if their parents were abusive and negative. One should not be forced to accept poor treatment in their lives simply because the perpetrators are their parents.  /  / I strongly believe in environmental protection and I believe knowingly wasting resources is a sign of carelessness and nihilism.  /  / To me, jury duty is an arbitrary construct of society, so for me, trying to avoid it does not necessarily have any moral implications. It may be skirting a civil duty, but I do not view it as a moral issue. /  / Downloading music illegally is a mixed issue for me. On one hand, I can see the issue from the point of view of the artists, who may or may not be struggling just to make a living from their craft that they spend so long working to perfect. On the other hand, I cannot think of anyone I know (under the age of, say, 50) who does not download content illegally from the internet. "70	"I think honesty and trustworthiness relate directly, inversely to one being a hypocrite.  How much I like the person is tangential to that, but I do dislike others more for not being trustworthy on things that are more important."71	By my gut feelings72	"I tended to view characters who might've made an honest mistake more positively. E.g., the single-sided printing could've been user error. Downloading music illegally, on the other hand, probably not."73	"I evaluated them based on  my beliefs, I am  a conservative so all of  my judgments were based off of  that. "74	Because they would say one thing and do another. They were being hypocritical.75	"Well I based it a lot upon them being hypocritical mostly. In the beginning I think I was harsher and then I realized that someone could agree that something is morally wrong but still do the thing and I think they are being hypocritical to still do that thing but I am not sure it makes them very bad people just because they say one thing and do the other. We may often agree that something is wrong, but it is hard to stay away from that thing."76	The characters depicted in the study scenario donot fit well with my moral code or standard of ethics.77	"well copying on one side only is not a sin.  The trees will grow back.  Doing something that deprives someone of their livihood is like stealing, which is a sin.  Ignoring your mother isn't a good idea."78	because of the scenario that i was given79	I don't know them fully so it is hard to judge them based on one thing.80	I based them off of what my experience was like each action81	I felt it was the best of my ability82	BECAUSE EACH CHARACTER CONTRICTED THEM SELF.83	That is the way they appear to me.84	"There was not enough detail in the scenario to let me know if the subject was actually talking in a derogatory manner towards the doer of the deed. I could not assume that the person in question spoke badly of the person being discussed; therefore, could not condemn them as being hypocritical or unfair based on what I had read."85	"I have a problem with people that are hypocritical. I have found most of them lie, and cheat, and don;t care about other people. Not all of them, but most."86	"The statements weren't clear enough to discern whether both parties were being negative or condemning about the acquaintance they were discussing.  So if the person performing the action later that had been discussed had been clearly negative, I would have evaluated them a little more harshly.  As it was, those actions are necessary in some circumstances but not in others.  For example, if there was a specific format for the large document and it had to be printed on just one side, that would be better than just printing on one side to be lazy or wasteful.  Or if she were trying to get out of jury duty because she was a single parent and had to work or wouldn't be able to able to find child care, that circumstance is more justifiable than being dishonest or lazy about a civic duty."87	Based on if they spoke to other people and did the same thing and how bad the situation is.88	because it sounded like they all lied just to be cool in front of their friends . so why would you think someone that says one thing and does another is trustworthy or honest ?89	I tried to be neutral but at the same time honest. I tried to put myself in their shoes and imagine what my reaction would have been in those situations90	"This was difficult--the circumstances for each was not available to dictate a thought on whether someone wa honest, or hypocritical (copy job may have required one side vs two--so it was difficult to determine any further trait.  As for jury duty--it is our civil duty to participate to enhance our communities.  Regarding the illegal music--it is theft, plain and simple.  It is a  crime.  While relatively innocuous, it shows potential for additional crime.  Can't steal just one! "91	Each was doing something that the other mentioned; therefore hypocrisy wasn't relevant; it would have been if the person making the judgement then went and did the same thing.  The others were based on general principles.92	Looked at the whole scenario and all those involved.93	"The only option that I saw that was actually morally wrong is getting out of jury duty, because it is your duty as a citizen to attend jury duty. "94	Based on what is generally believed to be right and wrong.95	I thought of what my first reaction would be if I was in the other persons place (not the one doing the act).96	"While I do think they are wrong, I still continue to do them."97	"None of them seemed hypocritical, because they weren't the ones that talked about their friends doing the things. They are probably all good people that do some things other people might not like, like everyone else."98	"If they have certain convictions, and are putting down an acquaintance, they should heed their own advice."99	I don't feel that any of the scenarios were harmful. Most people want others to accept them so they will agree with another person even though they aren't being completely honest. That is why I went more with hypocritical rather than judge them personally.100	"Based on the consistency of what they said about themselves, imagining for what reason they may have said it, and what there actions were as well.   Trying to figure out emotional motivation and intention of saying the things that they did"101	They were all basically hypocrites.  I have a very low tolerance for people who are not honest And am critical of them102	I evaluated them the way I did because they seemed very hypocritical and all judged someone else harshly for the things they already do. 103	"While I don't think any of those things were terrible things that would really make me look down on someone if they were to do them, I really dislike hypocrites so they got viewed negative for me mostly."104	well most of them werent even being hypocritical.  there friend made the comment.   i usually would guess that every stranger falls about 50% on my good bad scale.  50% on thehonest or not scale.  105	"I gauged my answers on how I instantly felt about these strangers solely upon the one act depicted in each scenariofor them,notmuch to go on so I went with my gut."106	I evaluated them based on my own perception of their wrong doings.  Some transgressions were worse than others.107	I reflected on how i feel about those issues personally.108	Because they negatively spoke about another person and seem to act like they didnt have flaws by saying they dont do those things109	I tried to think what was right and wrong.110	Because I don't really know what kind of person they are based just on some minor misdeed they have done.111	"Well, I think these people are not bad people but they are not very trustworthy and don't have very good morals but I don't dislike them. I don't really know each one so it's kind of hard to judge them but based on the information given, they are not too honest."112	All these actions that the characters carried are in my opinion morally wrong. 113	if they criticized someone else for doing something that they also did that was hypocritical but I didn't have enough information to rate the other characteristics. 114	"While the things they did and said were basically dishonest, they still didn't do anything terribly against my moral codes. The biggest problem I would have with all of these people is trust because they showed dishonest behavior."115	Depending on how wrong it is or isn't on what they were doing116	"Some things, like illegally downloading music are very wrong and should never be done, but other things, like ignoring your mom's phone call are everyday situations that anyone can find themselves in."117	"I suppose based on the way I would conduct myself. Also, we don''t know why the guy was ignoring the calls. He may have a good reason. "118	Because of my own moral and beliefs. Each one of them displayed an action that I find immoral somehow and that I would never do.119	I just went by what I believe in.120	"Something such as ignoring your mother and printing one sided can be things that have a legitimate reason for that occasion.  This may be a document for your boss to read and he insists on one sided.  Perhaps your mother hates it when you talk to her while walking down the street and would rather you call her back when  you can talk in peace for a while, you have made this arrangement in advance.  Jury duty and illegal music are civic duties and readabilities and it is one thing to not behave well, but to say you do behave, and then turn around and do otherwise are hypocritical. "121	"It's hard to come up with an accurate evaluation with that kind of limited information, but I based my evaluations on the fact that they were criticizing someone for actions that they then did themselves."122	Other than the judgement about being hypocritical which I felt they all were I was pretty neutral about the ratings because I don't the incidents were serious enough to say anything about their character in total.123	Just rated them slightly bad/dishonest/etc because there may be some extenuating circumstances for their actions.124	I just evaluate it base on what I read and understand and responded to the questions.125	"There may be extenuating circumstances. For example, a person who usually prints documents double-sided may have needed to print a specific document single-sided. Similarly, a person who usually answers phone calls from his mother may have a reason to miss one call. On the other hand, illegally downloading music is never justifiable."126	"I evaluated them in the way I would evaluate myself. Chances are, if a person is caught being a hypocrite, thats realy bad. illegally downloading music and phone call ignoring and other such things are bad, but hypocrisy is an evil that is in a league of it's own."127	That is how I feel or think when I would experience them.128	Because most of the cases are things that I would do as well. Mainly they dint say much about the people I cant really tell if they are bad or good only from those actions. 129	Lying to make yourself look better is just lame.130	Based on the feelings regarding each scenario.131	Based on their statements vs their actions.132	Because how wrong it is depends on opinion and scenario.133	"I disliked their hypocrisy most of all.  If they hadn't announced in the conversation that they didn't engage in the activity being discussed my opinion might be more sympathetic, but after denying it then later doing it, I thought that was dishonest."134	I based them on how I would express myself in that specific situation.135	They all seemed like average people.  Some just made some mistakes.136	"because they were all very hypocritical. I'm a ""to each their own"" kinda person, whether someone ignores their mothers phone calls doesn't bother me. Until they judge someone else for doing exactly as they do. "137	I based everything on the severity 9f the situation. Printing paper on one side is not great but is not severe but downloading illegal music is more severe.138	Some of the characters may have had excuses for why what they did didn't match what they claimed.139	They were just hypocrites140	I based it on how important the situation was to others.141	There is not much information given about them.142	I mostly went with my gut feeling. I think it's dishonest and hypocritical to openly criticize someone for actions that you do yourself.143	"They all lied about the topic and were although doing the thing they lied about. Some very smaller, some were bigger and consequential. I think the least bad was jury duty, because most people try to get out of it. "144	"I evaluated each person judging by the information provided. If they were hypocritical, I judged them so. If they were dishonest, then they got a judgment of being a dishonest person. I did not judge whether any person was (overall) a ""good"" person based on these facts. I also took into account the moral, financial, and legal aspects of each event involved in the person's story."145	"Some were pretty bad - and many were worse than others. I think skipping out on jury duty and ignoring your mom are pretty serious, some of the others not as much. Bad they are still pretty bad and the people acted hypocritically."146	I based it own the way I feel about the different situations147	they are human values of a man one should not change it148	i just did it based on their actions149	The characters were being hypocrites! 150	"The scenarios presented different issues. Downloading music illegally from the internet is a crime, but being wasteful with paper is not. Also, as a mother, it makes me sad to think that my children would ignore my phone calls, so that scenario is meaningful to me. "151	"I think it is important to practice what you preach.  If you say someone else is immoral for doing a particular activity, then you need to not do that activity, or you are immoral."152	"In general, I feel that there is too little information to make a real evaluation in most of these scenarios. I chose the answer I did based on how ""black and whitle"" I could frame the information. Few situations in reality are starkly one or the other. We mostly deal in shades of grey."153	I rated them based off what it was they were doing.  I didn't necessarily think anyone was/wasn't hypocritical because it never told me what they said in response.  154	"Some of the questions had to do with feeling about  person that require actually knowing them and what their history is,  Also, it was had to be too critical not knowing if there were extenuating circumstances around their subsequent activities (i.e, the single sided printing could have been a specific request from the person's boss, the ignored phone call could have been because he already knew what she was calling about and it could wait, etc.)"155	"I evaluated them on their proclamations aloud and to others, and what they actually did, and I took into consideration the subject matter surrounding the situation, and used my own beliefs and ehitcs to make judgements."156	How they said something and did the opposite when people weren't watching157	They were great characters.158	"People do things for a variety of reasons. Getting out of jury duty could have a lot of reasons, but not answering your mom's calls is just cold unless things are really bad between you."159	I went on my gut instinct.  I usually always trust my intuition.160	I wasn't very harsh on anyone because I will be willing to bet that everyone has said one thing and done another even if only by accident. 161	"It is impossible to judge whether someone is honest, good, or trustworthy based on one short description of a single incident.  The project directions might have specified single-sided pages, even though that person would have preferred to print double sided.  The person trying to get out of jury duty might not *want* to get out of it, but may have something scheduled for that time -- something for work, a trip, or even surgery!  The person who ignored his mother's phone call might have been in a meeting at work or otherwise indisposed at that particular moment.   /  / In my opinion, we are not given enough information to make judgement."162	"I did not think any of the examples were huge deals.  I also could not get a real read on whether or not they were moral or good people based on that little bit of information.  Therefore, I figured they were somewhere in the middle."163	based on my personal choices and what I would have chose164	not enough information was given about each situation.  Doing something once doesn't mean they do it all the time and should or should not be trusted etc165	Live your life as you talk it I say.166	Because they said one thing and quickly did something totally different167	In each senario  the character was portrayed a certain way in which is the reason i evaluated them as such168	You didn't have all of the needed information so as to judge the characters too harshly for their possible transgressions. 169	"What made the people unlikeable was their hypocrisy. I didn't find any of their actual actions horrible in themselves, but the fact that they say one thing and do another is annoying."170	The set up was party B discussing what party C did - actions of party C. This is completely independent of the morality of the action and if party B did the same thing or not.171	This is because they claimed that it was wrong to do whatever they were discussing but then they went ahead and did the exact same thing that they were saying was morally wrong.172	"You don't know the situation.  But we're all a bit hypocritical, so there's that.  And I think jury duty is a bit more obligatory than paying for music or ignoring Mom."173	it does not matter to me what other people do only family i would be concerned about174	"I think lots of people would tryt o get out of jury duty or ignore their mothers phone calls, and perhaps from a different perspective, maybe he ignored his mothers phone call because he was on the other line, or was watching a suspenseful movie, or maybe the other guys work didn't have a printer that allows you to print double sided. "175	I think they all were dishonest and hypocritical but I don't think these characteristics make someone a bad person. 176	Because they lied. Obviously they feel as though they shouldn't be doing what they were but lied to get away with doing it anyways. At least be up-front about who you are as a person. 177	I looked the seriousness of the behavior they engaged in.178	They were not the ones who said something specific about their acquaintance so i didnt think they did anything hypocritical. 179	Because when the negative behavior was done by someone else they felt that it was morally wrong.  But when they was faced with the same situation they did not think that they were morally wrong.  They did the same thing that they state was wrong for someone else to do.  180	Because they claimed to be somebody they were not. I didn't necessarily judge all of the actions to be that bad but they should own up to the behaviors181	I evaluated them based on my personal beliefs about how bad the actions were. In general - I did not feel the actions were morally wrong or indicative of a bad person.182	"Each case showed the characters to be hypocrites. They say it is morally wrong to do something, then do it themselves. That shows they are not trustworthy at all - they say one thing and then do another."183	yes in this line they accept something to new learn of those things184	Because I did what I believed was right185	"Because I don't see the harm in doing or not doing most of those things. The only one that really matters to me is the one about ignoring your mom's phone calls. This is because she is my mother and I am respectful towards her. But the reast, I could not care any less about them and don't see a reason to get worked up over them. "186	My moral compass187	"They all seemed hypocritical, but aren't we all at certain times?"188	"I think that these people are no more hypocritical, dishonest, and likable than the average person. I don't think you should ignore your mother's calls, but sometimes I do for various reasons. We are all liars in one way or another."189	I don't like people who criticize someone for something and then go do it themselves.190	"Depending on the action, I did not think that a person was intrinsically bad nor did I not think they were completely dishonest based solely on actions alone.  Some actions such as ignoring mother's phone calls were more serious grievances than trying to get out of jury duty or printing on one side of the paper.  Downloading music illegally was a more serious infraction in my opinion and I equated that action with dishonesty and lack of trustworthiness.   People can be likeable even though they may engage in questionable activities."191	based on what i would do192	"I didn't want to criticize them too much since in all of the cases, it was their friend talking about someone else who had done this undesirable thing."193	I evaluated them very negatively because they all immediately did what they claimed they never do.194	I care more about the fact that people lie to sound impressive or feel important to their friends in being two-faced than I do about things like music. 195	"My biggest concern with such scenarios is that I know nothing about the person beyond the one arbitrary action that the experiment mentioned. And wasting printer paper or something might be a bit of a venial sin, but it certainly doesn't make me feel qualified to make further sweeping judgments about a person's character. Hence most of my responses were pretty close to the middle of the slider."196	These are all little things that we do from time to time. But you should always answer when your mother calls.197	"Generally speaking we all do things that others may not agree on, I believe every situation is different based on the circumstances. "198	I was trying to be unbiased. First impression and didn't think too much on it.199	"I think I evaluated them based on the situation. Some were more overtly, black and white situations where doing something was clearly wrong. Some others had grey areas and could have more variables and there might be more understandable or ""legitimate"" reasons why something was done."200	Because they espoused on how immoral it was to participate in the very same actions they did. 201	Tried to look at the severity of the offense. 202	"People shouldn't pass judgement on others and then turn around and do the same thing. In essence, they cheat twice, once by lying to their friend and second by doing what they called wrong."203	Because they were being hypocritical and basically lying and turning around and doing the exact same thing they just told their firend that they don't do!204	"I don't know these people, so I can't say how likeable they are .  If they lied and turned around and did what they just critisized someone for, they are hypocritical, and not very trustworthy"205	Based on my feelings about certain attitudes. 206	"It was hard to really honestly evaluate the characters due to the fact that they were not the ones making the observation about another individual who did what they did. If, for example, Jennifer made negative comments about an acquaintance who tried to get out of jury duty, and then did the same, then she would be a hypocrite. However, Jennifer was not the one mentioning this acquaintance, Rose was. With so little detail, it's hard to really judge what the individual being judged really thought of that to begin with, so judging them on hypocrisy is difficult. Otherwise, it all came down to morality. "207	I think when someone is lying they are being dishonest.  IF they person did not lie then i really have no idea how to judge them as I do not know them.208	Because some lies people tell aren't as bad as others.209	Some of the lies were worse than others but I still felt like they were all trying to make themselves look better just to brag and that made me dislike all of them to some degree.210	depends on what they did211	"I knew very little about the characters.  As far as hypocritical goes, in each scenario, none of the characters asked about said the information being asked about."212	I tried to base it on how serious the acts they were doing were. I also added into account what they said and then went against. 213	"Jury duty is your civil responsibility.  Downloading music is illegal and hurts the artists.  Printing single sided is wasteful but not a crime.  Avoiding a call from your mom isn't nice, but as long as you call her back when it's more convenient, no big deal.  What I really dislike are liars and hypocrites."214	the scenario was insufficient to answer anything other then nutral215	"They all lied, and they were all hypocrites to boot. The actions that they otherwise undertook did not have nearly as much impact as the lying, although hypocrites are fairly despicable."216	"They all said that they didn't do something, then did it.  If they had been honest about doing those things from the beginning, I would have evaluated them better even though what they did may have been wrong."217	I don't think the issues presented are big deals. Everyone has reasons for what they do. No one suffered from their decisions.218	I was neutral as it wasn't enough information to go off of.219	"Although I think that each thing each person did was very wrong, I dont feel like I can base all of their trust and honesty and if they are a good or bad person or not completely on each particular scenario. That is why I judged them the way I did. That is why I did not move the scale lower on each one."220	I evaluated them based on the significance of what they did. I did not find any of them to be significantly hypocritical because it did not mention how they responded when the other person mentioned the action. I believe two of the actions were much more inappropriate than the others.221	based on the situation222	Because they said one thing but did another.223	I evaluated the characters generally harshly because they stated one thing and then did another. I find such blatant hypocritical behavior deplorable. 224	I judged them on their honesty. They didn't seem honest at all.225	"I based my opinions on what I thought of each scenario. I don't think its okay to get out of jury duty. Printing single sided isn't s huge deal, but it is more beneficial for the environment. I don't have a stance on downloading music illegally, but it is always better to support the artists. "226	"I was more critical with the person who illegally downloaded music because it is a crime.  The other people's scenarios are situational, so I was less critical.  I would have to know more details.  For instance, the person who did not pick up his mother's call may have been busy, etc."227	They are hypocrites but it is hard to judge if I would like them or how honest they are just by the scenario 228	I feel that some situations may have different circumstances in where one may be forced to choose actions that they normally wouldnt. 229	"All characters were hypocritical which tainted my opinions of them in terms og honesty, trustworthiness, and likeability."230	Hypocrisy 231	I went based on my own morals and if I felt the infraction was morally wrong or not. 232	I felt like if it was a morally wrong thing to do like ignoring your family that was messed up. Printing papers is not an immoral thin g do to do.233	"For one thing, I put them all as not at all hypocritical since in all scenarios it was the second friend talking about the mutual acquaintance doing something bad, not the first person mentioned. However, all their actions were still unethical on some level, so I rated them according to the severity of their actions."234	BASED ON MY PAST EXPERIENCES WITH PEOPLE LIKE THE SCENARIOS235	"I rated them close to neutral in most cases because I didn't feel there was enough information to go on to make judgments about their trustworthiness, etc. The one exception was jury duty because I believe almost all rational people will have very good reasons for wanting to get out of it."236	"Some of these situations could have had reasons behind them--for instance, ignoring someone's call becasue you're in a meeting doesn't make you a bad person. Others are more questionable, like downloading content illegally--it's difficult to find a situation in which lying about this and then doing it doesn't make you a hypocrite."237	Personal Preference238	"There may be circumstances when it came to the question about the jury duty where Jennifer was forced to call out because of a bigger life issue. The one sided printing could have been a mistake. however, not answering your moms calls or pirating are both knowledgeable offenses."239	peoples perceptions240	I based my evaluations off of my own personal experiences as well as those of my friends and family.241	"I evaluated the characters the way I did because I used my best judgment based on the little information I had to go on.  Typically if people if people lie about their actions and act hypocritically it says a lot about them, however there could be a lot more to each story, so I judged them as best I could given the small amount of info."242	I tried to align my beliefs to their actions.243	Because they criticized other people then turned around and did the same thing.244	by what they said compared to their action245	I tried to use sensibility and how I would actually feel about the situation. 246	Just based on the situation.247	They supported something and went back on it.248	Based on the degree in which it affected things. Printing a single-sided paper is not really hurting anyone.249	"If the actions harmed other people, I rated them more harshly than if it was just misusing some object"250	"Because most scenarios just say that the acquaintance was ""mentioned,"" I find there to be too little information to pass any conclusive judgment on any of the characters. So I evaluated them conservatively, based on the little information I knew."251	My son is a jerk and lies and ignores my calls so i am a little biased there. I do just consider some things worse than others.252	Because they contradicted what they told the other person.253	seemed like harmless behavior254	"As far as how much I like each one, well, I wouldn't dislike someone judging by a single scenario so off the bat, they're somewhat likable. I don't feel anyone was hypocritical because I didn't see evidence of them performing the action in question. Honest - i'll give some benefit of doubt."255	"Because they were gossiping about another person doing a certain thing, then went on to do that thing themselves"256	by the decisions they where making257	The things they did seem like things people regularly do. While they're stuff that nobody should be proud of I don't think the stuff mentioned that they do makes them horrible people. People are complicated and I'm sure these people might have some redeeming things about them.258	The characters were evaluated based off their own statement of beliefs.259	"They were all hypocritical and did the opposite of what they claimed was morally wrong, presumably to them."260	Depending on my own similar scenarios. 261	"I did not have an opinion one way or the other in most cases, because the ones you asked about were not the person who started the conversation about the things people were doing wrong. I felt like the person you were asking me to judge was not the person who was actually judging other people. The people you asked me to judge were just listening to the first person."262	"I don't like people who make moral arguments against most things, unless it is a very egregious moral dilemma, none of these scenarios were that"263	Because they did the exact same thing they said was morally wrong264	I evaluated them according to the severity and ramifications of their actions.265	Based on a quick read and analysis.  However I also incorporated my own bias... whether or not I do those things.266	I generally evaluated them as such because they didn't keep their word. They would say one thing but then do another. 267	I just went with my gut268	I'm pretty liberal and give people a lot of chances.269	"I don't like when people are hypocrites, if you are going to judge other people by a metric you should hold yourself up to it as well. "270	Im a rebel.271	"I evaluated them based on the scenario. The more important the scenario is, the more morally wrong it is to contradict their own statements."272	"Nothing they did was all that bad, other than trying to misrepresent themselves."273	I felt like it depended a bit on what the behavior in question was. Also whether I felt like the person could think of themselves as having moral failings.274	because all were quick to state they didn't do something and turned around and did the exact same thing they were criticizing others for.275	"In every case the character that brought up the mutual acquaintance was not the person that I was asked to judge so none of them are particularly hypocritical.  Getting out of jury duty is not, for me, a big sin - some people do not feel comfortable sitting in judgement over others. Although I dislike the notion that someone ignores a call from their mother this is not something that happened in a vacuum - was he busy? Did he return the call later? Sometimes a printing job requires one sided printing - again, this did not happen in a vacuum.  All things being equal, I would say that he should have printed on both sides but is it really any worse than printing a document with double line spacing?  Pirating music is theft. There may have been extenuating circumstances but it is still theft."276	No one ever judged anyone about their behaviors. They were not hypocritical.277	some scenarios are worse than others.  Opinion vs. law...paper vs. illegal downloads.278	It was based on the degree of wrong that I thought was done.279	It isn't fair to comment in judgement and then do the same thing.280	I tried to take in account the seriousness o each scenario.281	None of it is a big deal other than stealing music282	Because it seemed like they lied to make theirselves look better when in fact they were no better for doing things that everyone else did.283	When someone is hypocritical they seem less trustworthy.284	The types of lies they told285	They weren't the one talking bad286	they choose to do what felt right and sometimes wrong for them. It seemd to work well for them287	"based on the information given, they did the exact thing they declared to be wrong."288	I wouldn't have evaluated them so poorly if the people hadn't said the things were morally wrong and then did them anyways. They should have said nothing at all about the things being done. 289	Gut response.290	Little bits of info about some random situation does not truly represent a person. I was forgiving.291	"Based on my beliefs, actions, and experiences"292	"I checked if they were hypocritical or not,and made my decisons."293	"In my opinion, none of the shortcomings were so terribly bad that the person should be unilaterally judged as a bad person.  Their biggest flaw was the hypocrisy. Also, I'm a female and tend to judge females harsher because I've caught females in a lot more lies than I've caught guys in.  "294	"They were hypocritical by doing what they said in conversation that they ""never"" do. However, some of the actions were more morally wrong than other actions. "295	"This is an extremely difficult question to answer. It's like asking ""why do you like blue more than yellow?"" I suppose I just gauges rather the character fit what I believed to be moral or not. Someone saying one thing, then doing another, sounds like an untrustworthy person."296	I thought they could do better morally so I gave them ratings accordingly.  They should think about the consequences of their actions and who they spend time with.297	"They were all hypocritical, but the way they were hypocritical differed in each case."298	sincere honesty299	"I evaluated them based on how hypocritical/dishonest they seemed, along with their subsequent actions."300	Because they were hypocritical. They were judging others and then they went and did the same immoral thing. 301	"By the severity of their actions, what is the impact on society.  Ignoring Mom is a typical reaction.  Printing single sided can be a mistake.  "302	They said one thing and did the opposite. They went against their word. 303	I evaluated the characters the way I did because they criticized people for doing the wrong thing even though they ended up doing the same thing so they are hypocritical.304	"I'd like to think that I'm an honest person and would do the right thing in a given situation. I also think that a lot of people are hypocritical by saying one thing and doing another, and in these scenarios I felt there was some dishonesty involved in the decisions made."305	"All of the characters did things that they knew were wrong just because they had just been gossiping about somebody else who did the same things. All of them seemed to think that knowing someone else doing the wrong thing made it okay to do, but it's not."306	it was just part of my moral upbringing.307	"Every person who does some sort of ""morally wrong"" activity in this survey probably does it for a good reason. Everyone's lives are different, the reasons why people do these activities depend purely on their circumstances. "308	"It is difficult to anazlyze people's reasonings for the choices they make. The person ignoring his mother's call may have been at a nice restaurant with a group of people, inappropriate time to take a phone call. The person who wanted to get out of jury duty may  be the caregiver of a small child or elderly parent."309	Perspective310	it seemed the first 2 scenarios were more disparaging towards the mutual acquaintance.311	I believe there are other circumstances that could have prevented someone from answering a mother's phone call or additional reasons why someone wanted to get out of jury duty. Other acts seemed more deliberate like printing something on single-sided paper or downloading music illegally. 312	because i went with my gut reaction to each snenario313	They are humans.314	I tried to imagine the consequences of their actions315	Because I used my own free will316	They  all had the same general behaviour but it was the significance in the subject matter that i made my opinions.317	I judged them on honesty and integrity318	"I dislike people who are not honest, and who do not tell the truth.  I think if people are dishonest about even somewhat minor things, they probably would not hesitate to be dishonest about very important things.  "319	We don't know what they said during their conversations. 320	I valued them on how they were hurting someone. Getting out of jury duty doesn't hurt anyone specifically but hurts our judicial system. Not returning Mom's phone calls is very hurtful to Mom. Downloading music illegally hurts the artists. Printing on one side of the paper is not a moral issue. It's an issue of readability.321	I believe overall the jury duty and downloading music affects society as a whole more than skipping your mothers call or printing on a lot of paper. 322	I dislike hypocrites so my evaluations were generally harsh. 323	"If someone says to someone that they don't do something seen as bad, but they do, that is hypocritical. It also means that person lied which makes them untrustworthy. "324	"They were all liars, but the subject of their lying varied by magnitude. I judged based on that. "325	I made judgments based on the information given.  A person may get out of jury duty because he has surgery scheduled.  A person may ignore ihs mother's telephone call if he is driving a vehicle.  A large document may need to have single-sided printing.  I need to know more in order to be critical.326	You people really just asked the same question in different ways so I treated them as the same question.327	They were all hypocrites.  So I judged them as dishonest and untrustworthy.328	I do some of those things so I don't feel they are wrong. Or too wrong.329	The severity of their actions330	The little things add up. Small lapses in responsibility will generally lead to problems in the future.331	Because they were being hypocritical.332	"I don't like people who lie. I believe in saying what you mean if it's at all possible. I also don't like people speaking in absolutes when they don't mean them. Like, if you think it's ok to ignore your Mom's phone call if you're busy but not when you're just sitting around with nothing to do then say that. To say that it is NEVER ok to ignore the call is misleading. I don't like people misleading me on who they are. So I wouldn't expect them to tell me their true feelings on anything."333	"     Jury duty can be very inconvenient. In the scenario with Jennifer it didn't mention her feelings, only that her and Rose talked about it. /      There are times I'm not able to talk to my mom because its inconvenient. I would rather talk to her another time when I have no constraints on my time. /       Printing single sided and illegally downloading music is fine as long as you don't disapprove of someone else doing it."334	I did it based on what I would've done in their particular situations.335	I try not to judge people and leave that for God.  336	"I empathise with these actions, I guess."337	Mainly it was based on how morally questionable there actions were.338	I went with my intuitive feeling as much as I can. It never fails me. 339	They were not the ones who brought up the acquaintance.340	It depended on how bad the grievance was. Using paper is not as serious as trying to get out of jury duty.341	I felt they were all hypocritical and untrustworthy because they all said one thing and they did the exact opposite.  I rated them on honesty more based on how bad I felt the action was. 342	I tried to put myself in the situations and base it on my values343	"It all depends on your perception of that person and the severity of the act. Some acts were not that severe and was a simple matter of moral judgement, and others were."344	I went based on my gut feeling.345	My own moral opinions346	Based on real world implications of their actions347	"The descriptions provided did not provide much information on the actual conversation in question.  If the person in each situation was negative of the mutual friend, then I would see them in a worse light."348	"I kept it mainly toward the middle (neutral) because while the two parties were discussing the acquaintance, the person who mentioned the ""immoral"" act was not the same person who the survey questions pertained to.  As I'm unsure what the survey question subject said in the conversation, I cannot truly ascertain whether the party is a good person or not or whether they are honest or not.   "349	"Besides the person who lied about jury duty and then tried to get out of it, their actions and their hypocrisy weren't particularly harmful to any person or system.  I believe everyone should participate in a jury if called to as it is a civic duty, so I think his/her hypocrisy was particularly egregious."350	I felt that these were how I felt about the questions asked.351	morally wrong and morally right352	Because it was one incidence in time. If these things were a habit I would have evaluated them more harshly.353	"I cannot really tell much about their overall character from minor little events that were described so my opinion stayed, generally, between the two options."354	I don't know them so I can hardly be judgmental so most of my decisions were toward the middle range.  One event doesn't tell me much.355	"I don't know the circumstances as to why those people behaved the way they did but there are good excuses for three of those things. However, there is no good excuse for downloading music illegally. "356	based on my own beliefs and opinion357	"Their all victimless crimes, except not answering your mother"358	I based it on the information I was provided and how I personally think of things.359	"I tried to imagine what kinds of things could be going on in the lives of each of the people. For instance, the person who said it was wrong to print single-sided and then did it anyway may have been working under the instructions of someone else. It's very common, I think, for people to believe that something mild like these scenarios is wrong, and do it anyway, especially downloading music. Either way, it's annoying when people are hypocritical about it, so I gave them low ratings. "360	"I am not going to judge them as being a good or bad person based on one thing, but it does demonstrate a level of honesty and hypocrisy. "361	Because they did exactly what they were saying they thought was wrong.. If they thought it was wrong - why do it?362	I hate when people say one thing and do another. They all lied about it and did it anyways.363	I prefer honesty in people.364	based on the severity of the offense described365	Mostly based on their actions vs their statements.366	"I think we owe it to our mothers to show them respect by answering the phone. Even if you can't talk at the moment, or don't want to talk, you at least owe it to her to answer and let her know that now isn't a good time.  /  / Stealing music illegally is only fun for the one dowloading, but creating music is an art form and those who created deserve the credit.  /  / Printing on one side only on paper is somewhat wasteful, even more so for large projects, but often documents print better nicer on only one side. Although as whole, we all need to be doing things to help our environment, no matter how small.  /  / Jury duty... Although I personally would love to serve on a jury, jury duty can be a hassle for those who have young children at home or other jobs that you cannot miss.  As a teacher, jury duty sucks because you have to plan for your day, find a sub, go to jury duty, after jury duty go back to your classroom to grade/clean up from that day, and then start all over for the next day of jury duty. "367	I just went on my gut feeling based on each situation.368	"They didn't do anything in the scenarios regarding the topic at hand. Without knowing more information, I really didn't have anything to judge them on. "369	just went with my gut370	None of them were too very wrong so I just dinged them a little.  I hope they all still get christmas presents371	the feelings i had at the moment372	"The people in the scenarios all seemed to be discussing the actions of other people & finding fault with what the others had done & yet they turned around and did the same thing. They are hypocrites, to say the least & that to me makes them a bunch of liars & thus, morally bankrupt."373	none of them are very serious 374	"I evaluated the characters in the manner I did because I felt that all the ""topics"" were not very descriptive of ones character. For example someone can say they disagree with using one sided prints but then use one sided prints. This doesn't make them a bad person, for whatever reason they decided not to use two sided prints. All the scenario's didn't affect how I judged the characters at all. This is why most of the sliders were in the middle. "375	Because of their extremely overt actions.  There didn't appear to be any lag in time or extraordinary circumstances to cause their hypocritical behavior. 376	Based on the scenario that they were involved in.377	because they spoke one way and acted the other. They could have just stated their opinion and been honest but they were hypocrites and this is annoying and distrustful378	Based on them lying and how wrong I felt the activity that they did was.379	well they were being hypocrits. the gentlemen with the paper problem i guess it depends on what he was printing. maybe the document had to be single sided.  avoiding ur mother is wrong life to short .. down loading music is illegal but dont run ur mouth then go home and do it. 380	By whether I think they were lying or not.381	That is how I felt about the situations you presented.  382	I rated those who actually broke a law more harshly than those who only broke an ethical rule.383	because they were all complaining about other people doing things when they just went out and did it themselves.384	They seemed fairly hypocritical to me.385	"The first three didn't give reasons as to why they were doing the things they did. There could have been other circumstances so I judged neutral. The illegal music I judged mostly because she was a hypocrite. I agree that what she did was legal, but not that it should be illegal, so mostly based on her hypocritical behavior. "386	They all lied to their friends about things that a mutual friend does. They all seemed like they were trying to paint themselves in a more positive light but they were all lying.387	judging by their actions 388	I just asked myself how I felt about each individual situation389	I drew off of how I feel about each act they committed.390	Based on how wrong the things were that they were doing.391	They chose to behave dishonestly.392	"Except for the illegal downloader, the characters didn't behave particularly badly, just humanly."393	based on my beliefs and the fact that most questions asked were impossible to determine given the info we had394	"I evaluated the characters based upon how they said one thing but did another. If they were honest, I would have liked them better. The types of things that they were doing (printing lots of paper, downloading illegal music) did not have as much of an effect on my decision as their honesty."395	mostly i did't do wrong things396	"There was very little to go on, especially since it was always the other person in the conversation that mentioned the act that the character we were evaluating went on to commit.  Most of my evaluations were very neutral."397	"I used what they did to judge how I ranked them.  I don't like wasting paper or ignoring my mom.  I don't think downloading music illegally or trying to get out of jury duty is too bad though.  However, there were exceptions to how I ranked things.  For example, wasting paper doesn't contribute to things like honesty."398	"I evaluated them based on my own experiences. For example, I got out of jury duty due to being a full time student."399	"To the question of degree of morals--While all the protagonists in question did lie, most of them participated in acts that were not illegal, even if they may have been wasteful or deceitful.  One protagonist did, in fact, commit a crime, so that protagonist was judged more harshly than the rest.  The others--who did not download music illegally/commit a crime--I was a bit more lenient with.  We all are faced with questions of integrity.  We can not be judged fairly on one act alone.  The same person who might cheat on his or her taxes may also be the one who would run into a burning house to save another person."400	"Everyone's a hypocrite in some way or form, I evaluated them the way I did because saying one thing and doing another isn't really a way to gauge how good or trustworthy a person is but being a hypocrite from an outside perspective will usually give you a bad opinion about an individual."401	just a feeling i had when i read what they did402	I generally harbor disdain for hypocrites.403	"they lied to their friends, whch is worse"404	I mainly based it on the act that they did I did not put to much reliance on what there friend had told them about the acquaintance because you did not tell me how they reacted to being told what acquaintance did so I could not judge them on this.405	They acted in an opposite way to what they say.406	"I evaluated these characters based off the severity of their actions, their illegality, and their hypocritical natures"407	Based on common sense and the severity of the issue.408	I look at the subjects that they were dishonest and hypocritical about and then made judgments based on their actions.409	I think it is rude to speak negatively of someone that's not there and then proceed to do the things you judged them poorly for.410	"Generally, downloading music illegally or trying to get out of jury duty are examples of acts that cause relatively little harm to others.  However, deliberately ignoring a mother's phone call could be harmful, especially in the event that she needs help.  Also, printing a large document using single-sided pages is very wasteful for the environment."411	The situations described and their degree of relative importance were of more influence than the behavior.412	"If the conversation happened days before the hypocritical action, I would be more forgiving of their actions. However, having ""just"" had the conversation with the friend, the topic obviously would have been on the characters' minds when they acted against their judgmental impulse. Situations can certainly be different, like the mother's phone call for instance, but the initial judgments against others were issued in a vague way that would still have included the characters' own actions."413	Because they were judging other people on things they were doing.  They were being total jerks.414	It was based on how I feel 415	"They were hypocritical, but they were hypocritical in ways that everyone is hypocritical, so I did not judge them harshly."416	"I thought about how hypocritical they were, if they were honest it wouldnt be so bad."417	"I felt like did nothing wrong,  which is clearly indicated at the end of the scenarios when I was asked how morally wrong do I think each of those are."418	The way that I would if I were speaking them or interacting with them419	"according to the scenario, that is how i rated the characters from the way they acted."420	because i think my ratings are appropriate for the hypocritical behavior that was presented421	People who are hypocritical on small issues tend to not follow general public morals whenever it makes their own lives easier.  Those people cannot be depended on for much of anything that does not benifit themselves.422	This is based on experience and the outcome I see from my results.423	"Because I know that those activities are wrong and in some cases, illegal. "424	Because i think it is morally wrong to lie and not be honest about the way you feel about something. It was very hypocritical of the characters to say what they said.425	"Although I did not personally think to much of the small lies, I felt that they were still lies and that would not make them bad people but it would make them also not very trustworthy to me personally."426	I tried to use the context to determine sloppy letters and ensure that the sentence still made sense.427	 Only plausible 428	I do all the things that the people said not to do but did anyway.429	I evaluated the characters the way that I did based on the information that I had recieved and what I thought about how each person acted in each story.430	Instints431	"I was predisposed towards a negative view of the characters because I had the impression that they participated in criticizing someone for a behavior they themselves engaged in.   However, strictly speaking, we never hear how these individuals reacted to the voiced criticism in the described scenario."432	"I evaluated them based on what they where doing. For example, I believe that the majority of people try to get out of jury duty so I don't really hold that person as liable."433	I didn't feel like they had done anything wrong at all.434	Because they were hypocrites 435	They seemed hypocritical and I can't stand people that are hypocritical.436	I had my own moral compass when it came to the issues that were asked of in the study. I tried not to steer away from it. 437	I trusted my gut instinct438	Because the characters are dishonest and hypocritical.439	not sure440	"With the given information, I based their moral characteristics on other people that I know that engage in those behaviors."441	"I feel as though you shouldn't throw rocks in glass houses. Save your judgements that you place on people for doing things for the ones that you don't also do yourself, if that makes sense. Although, I dont think that all of the scenarios were equally wrong."442	I think some of the characters may have had different circumstances (such as not calling their mother because not all mothers are the same) so I rated them as more moral or trustworthy.443	There are many levels to what is morally right or wrong.  It depends on the situation.444	None of their situations were that out of the ordinary. I mean they were all things that people do all the time to me they didn't seem like that big of a deal. Just because someone ends up doing something they said they didn't do doesn't mean they make it a habit of doing it.445	Because all of them said one thing to their friend and shortly did another.446	"Generally I am unable to judge these characters by their actions, as I didn't veiw any of their offenses as significant.  The only one that I would say registers as somewhat significant is downloading illegal music because that is theft. "447	"I evaluated them depending on how wrong what they did felt to me. For instance, ignoring your mother's phone calls is a lot worse than printing paper single sided. "448	"The person doing the ""bad"" act was not the one complaining about the act."449	"I think that there are too many hypocrites out there, and I don't like them or trust them as much as people who either keep their opinions to themselves or just don't say anything. "450	Personal feelings and my moral compass drove my choices.451	"Well it depended on the situation.  I felt most strongly about the illegal downloading because it is wrong.  However, its understandable why she might want out of jury duty.  I've known people who have received death threats due to jury service."