  I found a box that seemed to give more plus numbers then negative numbers and stuck with it. very interested"a few greens, assume red"about 80 percent of the time clicked on the right hand side."Accumulate an acceptable amount, then use the remainder of clicks to point. "Actually I did not follow any strategy. I simply press .... I think that is why I got the negative points. "after finding the plus amounts most often, sticking to the same box will eventually get you plus amounts""After hitting each one twice without point added/subtracted I see which had a higher positive. Next I do the same for a bit, if it's not working I'll try a new one till I find one giving me more wins then losses and I stay there.""After looking a few times, I choose to continue taking one box that ran more pluses.""After the first round, I picked on box and picked it all 100 times for the second and third rounds.""After utilizing the Look option, commit to a single box which helps winning the best points on average."Already stated in the previous slide.alternative clicks make positive numbers"Although it seemed to be quite random, I tried to find a sweet spot that was mostly positive and stuck with that.  I had bad luck when I tried to move around and test different boxes."Always clicking on the positive results.always use take and find the best paying box"as in the last answer, but I kept taking, instead of looking only when I thought I had enough. "As it went on I learned not to waste points on the looks and just go for it.As the bonuses depend on how much point we earned.I just needed to know how i can earn maximum points.I just click more times in that circle where i got positive points.By doing so i got an idea that only certain number of consecutive click can earn positive points.In most the cases i got many points.I just did like that and at the end i ended with somewhat good points."At first I kinda just clicked around randomly. But then I started always getting points on the left side, so I mostly just clicked the left side after that.""At first I tried to figure out a pattern.  Then I realized that since it changes, I'd be better off clicking on the same box for the entire game."At first I was just trying to click on take. I was earning negative numbers right off the bat. Later I would try and click anywhere from 5 to 7 times on look before I would click on take. But I didn't fair much better at that."At first I was randomly searching, then I found that one box seemed to have higher point values than the others and, by the third game, I just stuck with it.""At first, I started out by clicking randomly, just to see if I could find a pattern. When I had difficulty discerning a pattern, I went to one box and stayed on it. It seemed to have more positive than negative values, so I did not branch out after that.""At first, it was just to find which boxes were giving the most points, and taking the least away, but in the last game I took a sample of each box, and found which two boxes gave me the best results and alternated between them."Attempted to click on one box as long as possible to see if which one when higher or lower."B the entire time, see how it preforms."based on the algorithm the points gets added or subtracted"basically dont look just take, you said yourselves in the survey, every click you use to look you cant use to take. So i only looked when i really didn't want to lose any money, even then it was stupid cause i missed out big a couple times.""Check to see if one box has a win streak and bet a few on that. Then when you start losing again, start checking a new box. ""Check which letter was giving a lot of points. Keep picking that letter and if it provides a high number return, keep picking it."Chose the box with the best outcomesChose the positive number as many times as possible."Click each box a few times with take, then pick the box that seems to give the most points until run out of clicks"Click on each box until I start getting good results and then stay with that one.click on one pointClick on the same box repatedly.click same once i see positive valueclick the + points once the - points come then change the modeClicked on all the boxes and was choosing the box which gave out more positive numbers. clicked the same button over and over again.CLICKED TO CHOOSE THE BOX HORIZONTALLYClicking the same box throughout the game.clicking the same oneclicking until I got a negative number"compare the two boxes first by clicking both boxes in turn, which one always gives you positive bigger numbers then only click this one to the end"Complete game of chance there is no strategy. Couldn't develop strategy because I couldn't get  bank  button to work. DO commit to a single box. Try to figure out which box gives the best points on average and then stick with it -- even if it gives several bad outcomes in a row.DO commit to a single box. Try to figure out which box gives the best points on average and then stick with it -- even if it gives several bad outcomes in a row.DO commit to a single box. Try to figure out which box gives the best points on average and then stick with it -- even if it gives several bad outcomes in a row."do mostly taking after 1 look, probability of a + should have been higher after a - but it didn't work""DO NOT commit to any single box. Try to figure out which box gives the best points at the current time and ignore how good or bad each box has been in the past. If a Box has several bad point values in a row, it's best to switch to another.""Do not look and just start clicking, eventually, you will notice some pattern. Or get very lucky.""During the first game, I clicked every box a few times, and when the majority of three or fours clicks was red I moved on. Once I saw point values of +20 a couple of times in a row, I stuck with that box."eRGExploring clicks for maximum points by noticing the trends of numbersfew times continuously press the same onefigure out which box gives the best points on average and then stick with itFigure out which one seemed to giving more points and then sticking with that side.Find a box that had high positive values and stick with that box.FIND A BOX THAT HAD MORE POSITIVE THAN NEGATIVE AND STICK WITH THAT BOX. I TRIED SEVERAL OF THE BOXES UNTIL I FOUND ONE THAT HAD POSITIVE NUMBERS.Find good boxes some seem to be better find out which side paid the bestFind the best average points per boxfind the best box with the look button and then takefind the best letterFind the box that gives the least hurtful negative points and click that one over and overFind the box that paid out more often than not in 3 looks and then start taking from it and bank on it paying out more than I lose.Find the box that seemed better and stuck with that box.find the boxes with the least amount of negative valuesfind the one that paid green more frequently and then keep clicking itFind the one that's giving and stick with it.find the two boxes that gave the most and took the leastFind which box seemed to have the best ratio of positive to negative outcomes. Take from that box repeatedly."Find which column gives more and watch for the pattern (multiple plusses in a row, versus multiple negative). "Find which one gave the most and stick to itfinding a good box and sticking with itFirst checked which box will earn more points which will help to accumulate pointsFirst I check all boxes and then chose one particular positive box.First i just tried taking all the time but I kept loosing. Looking for a bit first helpedFirst I tried both boxes and got a lot of negative points. Then I tried to stick with A and found a lot of negative points. Then I tried box B and found more positive points. "First I try to see is there a chance only to add, when I saw there isn't I start to take only from  A . In the second part a took only from  A  and it was most beneficial. So I continued the same in third part, where it started bad, so I switched to  B  and it turned out well.""First make some trail by pressing both boxes. If continuously get negative value then by pressing  look  button we may get some ideas . When negative value came, then more possibly the next value will be positive."First round - 25 clicks to each box.  Second/third round - find the  hot  box and stick with that. First two games were random. third game i found what i wanted."First, I tried to skip around and try different boxes. In the next game, I found a box that gave a positive average, and just kept clicking it."for every positive I would click same place 3 times then the other side Found a column that gave out more positive than negative points.gain point and go to adjacent boxesGet point then only use the look option for remaining clicksguessingGut instinct I couldn't figure out a strategy.Had no strategyHave not applied anyHope for the bestI  looked  to find which box seemed to be giving the more positive numbers (and in higher amounts) and tried to keep to that box. I got curious too many times to maximize my strategy though and lost some points I probably shouldn't. I am just guessed and hit the button.i am stuck at one box which give me good positive values.I assigned one box as the dominant box after failing to find an arithmetic or geometric pattern. Then I'd just click it until I felt like I was on too much of a downward streak."I basically just took randomly. For the third game, I decided to look for a while longer before I started taking. It seemed like I got high in points right when I started taking, then fell steadily, so I decided to take fewer."I began by using my first 10 looks to see if I could determine which box would produce most.  From there I clicked the box that I thought would produce best.  If I noticed I was loosing an abnormal amount of points I switched boxes.I check two boxes for first few rounds which have more positive values then I stick to them.I checked frequently the same keys."I checked the look buttons but found they didn't indicate anything or if they did I missed it and it was a waste of a click. I found one button on each game that would consistently give positive numbers with a few negative thrown in. It took a lot of clicks to figure out what button that would be and sadly it took until most of the way through the second game to figure out one button held the majority of the points. I actually felt like I was gambling, so the game was fun. I just was not very good at it as I am not always able to figure out patterns quickly. If there would have been five games I think my score would have been better."i checked(looked) each box for a few clicks to see the quantities. then i decided based on the looks and stuck with the one i chose for the entire game."I choose boxes on one side of the game and basically never strayed, moving to the other side of the game while stringing together multiple negatives didn't really better my results.""I choose to alternate my choices. If I was doing to well, I would click the clock box for seveal clicks. I alternated back and forth probably every 4 to 5 clicks. "I choose what my mind tellsI chose a letter and did not deviate. Occasionally I would look rather than take if a few reds came up.I chose to only click ONE take circle and it seem to pay off.I clicked a box at random until I found one that was giving positives then I stuck with that one.I clicked all circles.I clicked all the boxes and check which gives more positive values than continuously clicked the same box. I clicked each box five times and selected the box that had the highest output."I clicked each side three times, then stuck with the sides that gave me the most positive outcomes."I clicked one Take button only to get more positive points.I clicked randomly in the beginning then went back to the box that gave me the most points gain and kept clicking that box for the rest of the game. I clicked take to early  I should of looked all the way down to 10 I clicked the boxes that showed positive values to earn a maximum pointsI could not find a strategy since there didn't seem to be any pattern I couldn't figure out a pattern so I started to click randomly."I decided I would take a sample from each box every time i played. The first two times i took 10 of each box as my sample. The last time, seeing how dramatic the differences were, i could pick the best box within 3 guesses."I DECIDED TO COLLECT POINTS AND MAKE SURE TO SELECT LOOK INSTEAD OF LOSING POINTS IN THE GAME"I decided to spend as many looks as i needed to in order to find a box that paid high amounts and had few negative ones. Once i found it, i started taking only from that box with the remainder of my moves. ""I did a relatively small number of clicks on each box (10), and looked to see which did best, then stuck with that box.  In later rounds, I tried to figure out which of the two boxes was the one I used in the first round.  The test was if the average points/round was similar and if certain notable values appear (-26, +31, whatever).""I did better when I clicked only in one box. In the first game, I skipped around and lost points, In the other two games I mostly click only in one box."I did different patterns throughout the game to see if I could manage to get positive points.  "I did exactly as I described in my suggestions mentioned earlier. Specifically:  I used the  Look  option ten times consecutively for the first box and ten times for the second box. During this  look  period take note, I mentally noted what the general tendency was for the numbers that appeared for each box, for example I noted whether there were more positive numbers than negative numbers, whether the positive numbers were larger in magnitude versus the negative numbers or whether the negative numbers were larger in magnitude than the positive numbers, and I took an overall mentally calculated average for what the point total was across the ten  look  trials. I did this for each box. Based on the conclusions that I drew from these noted observations I then chose the Box that resulted in the higher overall net gain and then used the  take  option for only this chosen box for the remaining 80 trials."I did not have a strategy. I click buttons and took what I got. I did not have a very good strategy initially. It took me a round to understand completely.I did not have one. It is riggedI did not look at all and would just go in and almost randomly pick unless one side would keep showing up red."I didn't bother looking, I just clicked on boxes until I found one that gave more points than lost points. "I didn't develop a strategy while playing this game.I didn't have a set strategy. I tried alternating in hops but it didn't help.I didn't have any particular strategy. I was trying to limit my loses and maximize my earnings. I didn't have oneI didn't have one. "I didn't really care about my bonus, so I was not attempting to be the best possible player. I did not bother with looking at the points, since I would see them anyway by taking them. I figured doing 5 to 10 takes in a row would tell me if one box gave more positive points than negative ones. My goal was simply to finish the games with a positive number."I didn't really have a strategy throughout the games."I didn't really have a strategy, though I clicked on the same circle several times to see if I could establish a pattern of positive and negative values, which I couldn't. I think psychologically, the increasing tally of a negative score, the color red of the neg numbers and the frequency of double-digit negative numbers (which seemed more frequent than high value positive numbers) made me a little anxious about accruing additional minus points, randomizing my clicking.""I didn't use the 'look' button, don't want to lose the chance to earn points. Browse all letters in the beginning by taking, and get an idea which letter has more higher + points and less - points, and then stay with that letter to get higher points.""I didn't want to waste time and potential profit by looking at points for too long. Consequently, I chose to start taking and hope to get lucky until I found the more profitable box. It was punishing at the beginning so I tried looking in game 2 and regretted it.""I didn't waste my clicks on looking (maybe one or two clicks in game one, but aside from those, no  looking ), I tested each box and stuck with the one that produced more positives than negatives. I moved on if a box produced too many negatives in a row."I didn't waste time jumping around from box to box. I just looked at each box about 4 times and picked the one that seemed to have the best overall payout. I used my remaining clicks to take the points from that box.I didnt hav anyI discovered the boxes that were giving and stuck with them.i don't know about that strategy i just guest  my choiceI don't think I had a strategy i dontnow"I eventually pressed buttons until I was satisfied with the outcome of the initial four clicks.  I then changed my strategy when I was negative points in the final round to attempt to recover ground, hoping for the pseudo random number generator to be on my side."I find through the check pins option first then go for real game.I first clicked each box several times to find the  good  box.  Then I stayed on that box till the end.I first clicked on every box a couple of times to see what numbers it was generating. Once i found a box that gave out more positive numbers them negative numbers i stayed with that box. I felt it worked best as my numbers slowly increased over time. My round 1 was the worst because i was trying to figure out which box was the best one.I first verified which box had the highest consistency of points and then I kept clicking on it."I fixed a box random in mind. I started clicking the fixed box, when the box return negative value i just shifted one click to another box and then returned back and kept clicking the fixed till negative value and so on."I focus  on the outcome of the boxes."I focused on trying to find the box that had the highest number of points per click Sometimes that box had a high amount of negative points, but I found the positive points eventually balanced out the negative by a higher margin."I found a box that had more positive outcomes and I stuck with it.I found a box that had more positive results than negative and I clicked that box the rest of the game."I found a box that paid positives out at a decent rate, and mostly kept with them, even when there were occasional points taken away. I did try what I thought might be the second best box a few times, but was getting more of a negative value with those. ""I found a box that produced a lot of points and I kept with it, I think it paid off."I found a box that provided good returns and stayed with it. I found a box that seemed to give most points and clicked on that one continuously.  I found one box better than the other and just stayed with that one in each game."I found one box that had mostly positive points and I stuck with that one, even if it had a few negative points.""I found that for me, B gave the most points while subtracted the least, so I stuck with that column primarily."I found the best box and stick with it"I found the box with the best plus to minus ratio. Once i saw that i was getting bigger positive numbers and less negative numbers, i chose to stay on that box the whole game. "I found the box with the highest payout and stayed there.I found the hot box and just stuck with itI found the one box that consistently won more than lost and stuck with it.I found the practice round rather short so treated Game 1 as a kind of practice round as well (esp. after I started going lower and lower in points). I was decided to find the box giving positive points more consistently than other.I found which box was more consistent with giving points and stayed with that one box the entire game. I did not figure that out in the first game and the second game it worked very well. It only kept me from losing points in the third game but not too much gain in that third game with that strategy."I gave a square 3 shots initially. if it didn't pay positive two of three i switched to other square and remained there. if it did, i stuck with it for the duration. I didn't waste clicks on looks.""I gave each box a few tests throughout the first few turns.  I could typically find one that was someone worth playing over and over.  When I did, I tried to stick with it.  Every so often, I tried to branch out and look for a successful pattern, but that usually ended up with me losing points.  So I tried to find a hot box and stick with it."i gave up any attempt at strategy after only getting negative pointsI got some points and played well.I guessed at what might be a good sample of the boxes and used look to find which had the most points on average. I then took from what seemed to be the best box consistently unless it became clear the box was trending negative.I had no strategy in the game.I had no strategy.I had noneI had noneI had none. I had to determine which box gave the most positive points and tested for awhile and see how how random the percentage was of getting a positive number.  I tried briefly on another box to see the same thing and saw it more risky so I stuck with the one that gave me a higher percentI have clicked box C in the all gameI have done with my best. "I have used my takes wisely, I picked every box long enough to find out which box gives more positive points than negative. After I found that particular box. I have spend all my takes ,by clicking on it. And my result finished in positive score.""I hit each one once or twice and as soon as I found one that was netting me positive and large positives, stuck with it.  That worked through round 2, but in round 3 I was getting weirdly negative numbers from  my  box so I poked around until I found what I thought was a reasonable distribution, though didn't seem like  my  box."I honestly didn't have one. Everything seemed to be distributed at random. "I hopped around randomly to discern some pattern, but, discerning none, continued to click around randomly.""I immediately started clicking the take boxes. After I clicked a box four times, if there was at least one positive number I would click it a few more times to see if there were more positive than negative numbers. If so I would stick with that box."I initially started out with 10 looks per box to get a rough average and see if one box was the obvious choice. After I determined which box I thought it was I started taking. In the 2nd round I used less looks initially and narrowed the best choice to 2 boxes. I chose the wrong one initially and then corrected. In the 3rd round I new much more quickly what to look for. I really like patterns and averages.I just clicked each square at least once to see if they give more positive than negativeI JUST CLICKED RANDOMLYI just find the best points generating circle and continuously clicked the same circle.i just keep trying the same one when show the greenI just kept and eye on the score and designated a certain amount of clicks per box and if it was negative within about 10 or more I would switch and then if I was positive in the next box within 10 or so clicks then I stuck with that box. "I just looked for patterns. I eventually found that the right side tends to have more positive numbers in a row. When I hit a negative number, I took one from the opposite side and then went back to the right again."i just observed the boxesI just randomly clicked on Take bubbles.  If I got a positive amount I clicked again until a negative amount appeared and then I moved on to others.I just read the instruction and follow it.I just relied on C and somewhat on F to earn positive points."I just started with one box, and when a negative number came up I switched boxes."I JUST STAYED ON THE ONE THAT KEPT GIVING ME POINTS THEN MOVED TO ANOTHER WHEN IT STOPPED"I just tried all the boxes first to get an idea of values, then kept clicking on the one that I thought was best."I just tried to do it randomly.I just tried to figure out which box pays out the most and clicked on it until it took away points then I would switch boxes and go back again.I just tried to get the most points that I could."I just used the initial looks to weed out boxes.  If one initially came up with a high negative number, I discounted that one.  I narrowed the field with the looks to two boxes that I thought good picks.  Then I stuck with one box until it became clear that it wasn't paying off and then I switched to my alternate.  In the first two games this worked well.  In the 3rd game, I had to switch midstream to find the correct box because my first two picks weren't correct."I just went straight into taking. I figured out which side had less high negatives and stuck with it for most of the game"I just went with the left box only.  I tried the right box and wasn't happy with the bigger negatives I was receiving, so I stayed left.""I learned fast there is no strategy, it was completely random."i like this game very much. i guess positive value but i got negative in my first round game. i could not guess. but another round i could guess some values.. nice gameI looked around for the one that gave me a positive number a few times and stuck with those.  I prefered the ones that gave me a higher + number."I looked at both boxes and once I determined which had most positive numbers, I picked that one.""I looked at each box 10 times, then exclusively took from the box that gave points the most often.  Choose the box that gives points more often than takes them away, and the box that is the least likely to take away large numbers of points, even if it mainly gives smaller amounts of points."I looked at each box 5 times to see the trend. I picked the box that I felt was giving more than it was taking away and kept taking from that box with the rest of my clicks. "I looked at each box a couple times before I started taking. If the box had positive numbers, I tried to only take from that box. I would get negative points and keep picking that same box because I thought it was the best one to choose.""I Looked at each box before I started to Take to try to find a box that returned a net positive of points, more frequent + than -, instead of just looking for big numbers that risked a net negative."I looked at each one then stuck with which ever gave money more often.I looked at which side is giving me more points and stuck to that side."I looked for a few clicks in each box to see which ones trended toward minuses or pluses. It seemed that there was one that had mostly pluses, and not many huge minuses, so I used the rest of my clicks on taking that box."I looked for a pattern from the box I felt was giving the highest # of points.i looked for boxes that had more positivesI looked for the box that I thought had the best odds. In every game it let me get out of my deficit.I looked for which box had the best return and just stuck to that box the majority of the time.I looked in each box five times and put the rest of my clicks in the highest box. In the second round I adjusted and went with the second highest box after the first one kept giving me negatives.I looked in each box for at least five times before taking.  I keep taking the same box."I looked in each box once. Then I chose a box to take from a few times. If I seemed to be doing pretty well with that box, I'd stick with that one and try to see if there was any kind of pattern occurring. If I was losing a lot with that box, I'd move on to another and take from it a few times until I find a box that I seemed to win a lot of points with.""I looked in each of the boxes a few times, to see which ones came up with the most positive points. I then started taking from the one or two boxes to see which had more positive rather than negative points. I tried to stick with one box and ride out the negative points once I thought I had the best box. "I looked to see which boxes gave me the highest plus value and then selected that box with the rest of my clicksI looked until a bunch of red came up and then clicked collect"I made a few clicks in a row on the same box.  If I had a good total, I stayed on that box.  If not, I moved to another box and repeated my process.  I did not randomly jump around.""I mostly pressed randomly which box to pick but when a box put up a positive big number, I stuck with it. "I mostly stuck with the one box that seemed to score the most points."I never did come up with a strategy.  I tried hitting on different boxes, but no matter what I did, I ALWAYS ended up with a negative score."I played it randomly as per my thought.I played the game with clicking the alternate rounds for few clicks and then I changed it to corner clicks"I pressed each box a few times, usually one stood out as being a good one. Then I just kept pressing that."I realized that hitting the same box brought me more points."I REALIZED THAT THE BOX WHICH OFFERS A POSITIVE VALUE WILL OFFER THE SAME FOR ATLEAST 2 OR 3 TIMES, HENCE CONTINUED WITH THAT BOXES UNTIL IT GIVES A NEGATIVE VALUE. THIS WAS VERY SUCCESSFUL IN THE THIRD GAME."I really did not have one. I remember the first number and I associate with the vale positive and negative that it give me in the first gameI sampled each box 10 times at the start then choose the box that was most positive and stuck with it.I saw that box A was doing well for me so I mostly just stuck to that.I select the box which gives more outcomes."I shifted:  first I looked at each three times,  in midst of game two I startet shifting options,  in game three I did not look at all and immediately started taking.  I then settled with an option that seemed prosperous""I spent a few clicks looking in each box and seeing which box held more negative numbers. Afterwards, I typically spent more clicks in the box that is giving me more positive numbers. I never committed to one box, but I favored the one that was giving me better returns.""I spent about 10-15 clicks trying to find whichever box had the highest number of positive outputs. It seemed two had mostly negative outputs, one had sort of half/half and the other was mostly positive. "I spent about 15-20 clicks observing the point values between both boxes. After observing the boxes and points for a few clicks you can see which one is returning more positive points compared to the other. I spent about 7 clicks on each choice to get a feel for the averages.  Then i basically stuck with my choice but had an alternate choice in mind if things went south.  All but 2 rounds i stuck with my first choice.  One round i started with my 1st choice and ended with my second when i got into heavy negative territory off the bat.I spent around 12 clicks to check out the positive and negative numbers in the boxes and then stuck to the ones that i thought would be positive in the long runI spent as many tokens as I felt I needed in order to figure out the best box. I then went for that one and stuck with it."I started by continuously picking the same box if it had positive points, then switching when the number became negative. "I started by trying both and just picking by which one gave me more and took the least. After a while I started only picking the one that seemed to give me the most."I started randomly clicking the boxes, then started going up and down the row.  When the box turned negative I switched boxes.  This strategy proved ineffective.""I started with box A in game 1. It was doing well, so I kept clicking on it. It worked out pretty well for me.   In game 2 I did the same thing. Box A was doing well, so I went with it all along.  In game 3 Box A started giving me negative points from the beginning, so I switched to Box B. It did work well for me. That's it."I stuck in to one circle which gave positive point after few clicks."I stuck with 1 box until it had several bad points in a row then I would switch. That strategy didn't work out too well, so I stuck with a box no more than 3 times in a row.""I stuck with Box A and got a fairly high score.  It seemed out of my control whether or not I would get the same score again, though."I stuck with Box B because it seemed to have more green values. Then  I chose the look option until I saw a negative value and then chose the take option next.I stuck with one box after it appeared that it was adding a lot of points.  In the first game I went back and forth from A to B then decided trying to guess when the points would be there was self defeating.  I then decided to stick with one box. "I switched boxes once one started giving me negative numbers. After I got a negative number once or twice, I would try the other box. If I got a negative number on the new box, I would try it usually one more time, and if it was negative too, I'd switch back. I pretty much bounced back and forth to try to avoid negative numbers.""I tested all the squares and found the one with smallest losses and highest gains, in which my score overall was adding and not losing."I tested each box and tried to find the one that gave more positive numbers than negative."I tested each box for the most payouts.  I played around with a couple of different boxes that seemed to pay out decently every so often to see if there was an algorithm between them, to avoid any negatives.  In the end I just stayed with one box as that seemed to give better payout on the whole."I tested each circle until I found the one with the largest positive gains"I thought I understood what was happening but I did not, so I went random and hoped for the best."I took a few clicks in the beginning to figure out what combo/pattern of which boxes in what order of look and take to get positive outcomes each time.I took a few looks. then i identify the two that gives more  + . then I quickly switch to take so I can start earning points and eventually figure out one and keep hitting on that as it increases the chances of getting  + I tried at first to look at all the boxes for the best outcome. THen gave up as the negatives far outweighed the positives"I tried clicking the same number for a while and was negative hundreds, then tried moving around, got more negative numbers.""I tried each box out and saw which one would net me the most points. After that, I stuck with that box for the rest of the game."I tried each box three times to get an idea for how the points distribution worked."I tried out each of the boxes a few times to get a feel of them. It usually seemed that there was a box with a higher average of good points, with only small negative numbers, and so then I would settle on that one. Once in a while I would throw a click to some other box for fun, but mostly I just stayed true to what I felt was the best box.""I tried the look, but all that told me what what I would have won; the boxes randomize after you look.""I tried to balance my taking from each of the four piles of cards. When one deck starting resulting in a loss of points, I moved to the next pile. "I tried to be random in clicking the circles.I tried to click back and forth between the boxes in order to find out if one box was better than the other. This seemed to be the case. Even after I thought I knew which box was better I would still occasionally click the other circle because there were still positive points in the box that was worse. But I stuck more with the circle that seemed to be better. "I tried to develop a strategy by utilizing the look option and trying to discern a pattern, but I was unable to do so. Then I tried sticking with the box that gave points more often than the others, even though this would change soon."I tried to discover a single reliably  good  box and click it over and over again."I tried to find a 'hot' box that gives lots of + points. It didn't matter what the quantity of the + points was, I just wanted the frequency of the + point occurrences to be high. I did that in the first and third games, but in the second game my strategy failed."I tried to find a box that had a positive outcome and then I stuck with it. I clicked the same box over and over as long as I was gaining points steadily.I tried to find a box that I felt had more positive results than negative per 5 clicks.  After testing them all I would stick to the one I felt was best. I tried to find a pattern but it didn't worki tried to find a pattern of positive and negative points using the look function and when i thought i had a pattern i used the take functionI tried to find a single letter that was working in my favor."I tried to find if certain boxes had a tendency to be more positive. I tried to see the pattern for clicking on one box repeatedly. I tried to see what happened if I clicked the boxes in order (ex: A, then B, then C, etc.). I tried to find patterns."I tried to find one that gave mostly positive numbers.  If I found one I just stayed with it. If I started getting a bunch of negatives at the beginning I would change until I found mostly positives."I tried to find the 'best' box and stick with it.  I did a few rounds with each box and was mainly looking for one that gave more positive results than negative.  I figured if I stuck with that one I'd be gaining over a lot of rounds and get a decent total.  I'm not sure if I actually did find the best boxes, but once I got to one that was consistently increasing (over a number of takes) I stuck with hit.""I tried to find the box that net provided benefits, and then continued to use it until the end.""I tried to find the box that produced consistently good results, as one looked much better than the other. "I tried to find the box that seemed to have the most positive numbers first and then use the rest of my clicks on that box. "I tried to find the box that seems like it had more positive numbers. I clicked each box a few times. If I got a bunch of bad numbers I tried the other box to see if maybe it really was better, but it usually seemed worse."I tried to find the box which consistently provide positive points.i tried to find the box which gives maximum points.I tried to find the button that would throw more positives than negatives. This worked for the first two rounds and on the third it did not I tried to find which box would net me more money and then I stuck to that one.I tried to get a feel for the average outcome of each box by taking a sampling. Then I picked the box that I felt had the highest average and only took from that box.I tried to get green points instead of negative but most my clicks generated negative points.I tried to get to at least 30 and then stop"I tried to guess a box with a high average by looking at boxes for a while and stick with the box. The first game I averaged around 5 plus points per take by sticking with the same box. The second game I looked at fewer boxes, stuck with what seemed a good box and ended up with more than 5 plus points per take. I assessed the average after around every ten takes (total to that point in the game). The third game was a net loss and there seemed nothing I could do about it, including switching boxes.""I tried to identify which one seemingly provided the most positive points, and if I encountered a string of negative points, I would try the other box until I got a big negative.""I tried to look at each box 5-10 times before starting to take. I was trying to get an idea of how they were paying out, but I never really did. "I tried to maximize points and find a pattern. I never found one."I tried to minimize wasting clicking by quickly moving to  Take  button.  I tried to see if there was a pattern to the clicks on the same Take button For example,  +ve, +ve, +ve, -ve  - I didn't find a specific pattern though.  I tried to see if jockeying between the two Talke buttons increased my overall payout. I found some success with that. "I tried to move around and see if any were yielding positive at any stretch and stayed mostly with itI tried to pick it a rhythm and not be random clicking. I failed at that and got a little frustrated and clicked a few times randomly. threw me off my game. I tried to quickly determine a profitable box that gave more positive numbers than negative numbers and only click that box for the remainder of my clicks.I tried to randomly choose but if one came up green more than red i would stick with one box for awhile."I tried to see a few levels of each box before I started making choices for points.  I tended to stick to one box if it was doing well, but that only worked in the last game. "I tried to see if there was a box that gave me mostly green numbers.I tried to take from each box at least a few times in the beginning until I found a box that seemed to have more positive points."I tried to test each box a couple of times to find the one that seemed to pay out better.  When it gave me a positive number, I'd play it till it became negative, and then try a couple more times to see if it would give me more positives."I tried to use the look circles to see which boxes would let me add points. Then I picked a letter and tried to stick with it.I tried to vary the buttons I usedI tried to watch and see which of the boxes was giving the most positives and used those quite a bit.  I tried to work on one box till it turned negative then go to another but that didn't work.I try to earn as much as possible.commit to a single box that give best average.i try to get logically"I try to identify the pattern of the numbers, but can't."I used  look  to try and figure out patterns or odds of whether the number would be positive of negative."I used 10 clicks to look, then selected  take  for one box instead of alternating. Alternating between box a and b didn't seem to increase my points. Box A seemed to generate more negative points so I stuck with box B""I used 3 look clicks (more if not sure) on each box, and determined which box seemed to have the highest average. Boxes with a negative range lower than -20 were eliminated from my consideration, and boxes that gave more than 15 points at one time were often the box I picked as the best. I think clicked that box for the rest of the game."I used less and less Takes as the game went on. I used more Looks to use up more clicks so there was less opportunity to lose points. I used look just in case the box had a crazy negative streak. I took 10 practice clicks for each walks and chose the box with the highest average for the last clicksI used look to check each box a few times then just clicked on one that gave points. I found it easier to focus on one and let the gains override the loses.I used look to try to find a two or three good candidates. Then I played take with those eventually choosing one box to ride for the rest of the game."I used Looks at the beginning to get a feel for what the payoffs were. When I was satisfied, I started Taking from a single box for the whole game, unless my choice turned out to be obviously wrong."I used luck since I could not find a pattern"I used my first 20 clicks to find what box seemed to be the better one to pick. Once I did, I stuck with taking that box over and over again and usually ended up with a good amount of points at the end."I used my first clicks (first 10-20) to determine which box gave the most positive numbers.I USED MY GUTS FEELING."I used the first game to find out which box had good numbers and what those numbers were.  To do this I recorded all the numbers that I drew and which box they were in.  Luckly, I quickly found a good one.  On the next two games I spend the first several clicks looking to see which boxes contained numbers that the good box did not.  After a process of elimination, I had the good box and took all I had left.""I used the Look button a few times until I saw where it was most likely that the positive points were located. Then I took everything from the box, including negatives because the overall score was going to be much more positive than negative.""I used up to 5 looks per box to see how the negatives and positives looked. If I had 2 bad negative looks then I would move to the next box. After viewing something in all the boxes, I would choose the one that had the least negative looks by value and quantity.""I wanted to look until a green number came up, then I picked that one.""i was at a loss at the beginning but I figured if I pay close attention to each circle, I can somewhat predict the outcome. ""I was clicking on the look circle and then the take circle underneath it, but it did not help."I was like following some patternsI was sticking with one box that seemed to pay out an approximate amount of clicks before switching to another box."I was trying to find a pattern, it was hard. "I was trying to only press the buttons that got positive results. The only pattern I somewhat noticed was that the numbers seemed to start off high and the more I pressed a button the lower the values got all the way into the negative numbers.I was very sad that I wasn't earning points so I decided to stick to one box to make the game last less time."I was writing down the results and looking at the outcomes - so I sample all 6 boxes, found the one which seemed to be giving the most positives, and staying with that box through the rest of the game."I went with my gut on most and didn't waste too many on revealing the numbers.i will change every click in a new round after every click"I would click a box a couple times, then move on if it only gave a negative value. Some of the boxes repeatedly gave positive values, so I would click on them more frequently.""I would hit each box a couple of times, if I made a profit on that box I would continue to click it for the rest of the round.""i would just determine which box mostly gave me points and kept choosing it, alternate when it started taking away points. "I would just pick on box to start with and used it until it gave me a negative number. When this happened I would switch to the other box and would continue switiching until a positive came up and repeated this through the whole game.I would look for a few in each box and look for the highest positive totals and stick with that box for the remainder of each game.I would notice if numbers repeated in the negatives and positives. If a number popped up once in the negatives I would hit look until I got a low positive. Then I would start taking. It also appeared the numbers would climb and defend for the most part so when I got 0 3 or 8 I would hit look instead. When I got negative 8 or 3 I would hit look until it went positive then go take.I would only use the look boxes for like 2 chances to see if the numbers were high and positive and then stick with the corresponding take box the remainder of the game.I would sample each of the boxes to start out and find one of them that was paying out well.  Then I would stick to clicking that box for the rest of the time.  I would see when the negative came up and click on the other box at that point and then go back to the  good  box.I would try each box a few times and go with the top 1 or 2."I'd look at one of the boxes for a few clicks to see if it had a good or bad average, then I'd choose whichever I thought was better. I'd also click  look  every once in awhile on the box I chose after getting a series of points in a row, anticipating a red number. This strategy somewhat worked, but also made me miss on large point gains, I'm not sure if it increased my score as much as the first strategy, if at all."if i found a positive point i select the next box which is three or more boxes awayIf I found negative in look section. I will try to click take section.if i looked and saw positive i woluld take it but it wasn't  working well"If I noticed mostly negative numbers the first few clicks, then I switched""If I see that several times the same box gives me minus big amount I switched to another one, if I see the box several times gives me plus points I stay in that box"If I was accumulating points keep clicking that option. If I was losing points switch.If it's negative don't click the other one. It only gets worse."if negative point came, i will click on the next one.""If the numbers were positive, I stuck with that circle for a bit.  If they started going negative, I tried the other one."If there was a set of 4 to 5 negative values I was skipping to other box. Also in  better  box average positive values were higher than in  bad  one."if there was no control in place by the requester, i figured the odds were good to stick with either a or b, whichever seemed to be giving the most points. I suppose the best strategy I could have used was to pick  look  on my 100th click at the end of game 3 so as not to lose any points."if we get some positive points then always choose look button If you have good luck you have more pointIgnore look (wasted click) stick with one letter"In first game i just click randomly.But in last two game I apply a strategy I click A ten time,B ten time ,C ten time so on.i like this game. "in round 1 i tried all boxes by the end i found that c had the best numbers i stuck with that one"In the first game I could not earn point but in the second and third game I earned points. I seen that whenever + points earn next time very much possible of earning + points many times in same round circle continuously. If I earn - points in round circle, it is possible to have - points next click in the same round circle. In short after + points always comes + points in same circle if - points it will continue with the - points in the same circle."In the first game i just click randomly. In the 2nd and 3rd game I found it B has more positive numbers than A. So I click 3 to 4 times B and then switch to A. If I see +0 then I move to other side. Last 5 clicks I was careful."In the first game, I alternated between the two boxes so I didn't spot the pattern towards the end of the game. One of the boxes always gives more so you have to find to it by clicking at least 6 times and see what the average is. Once you find it, just keep choosing that box.""In the first two games, I really could not develop a strategy. I clicked on all the boxes from A to F randomly. However, in the third game, I made note of the letter that added points on more than 1 occasion, and clicked the same letter for all the remaining trials - I did not click on any other letter.""In the second and third game, I stuck with one box and felt that was a better strategy."is very interestit is all about luck i say."It is only luck, see the positive points."It is random click so i fix only click one option due to 100 click.It is very difficult to find the strategy to gain pointsIt looks like one of the boxes has much more negative results and the other has positive results. In each game I took from each box early. One of the boxes always had high negative results. I quickly focused all my takes on the other box and stayed with that one for the whole game. It took me till the 2nd game to understand What I needed to do. I needed to find a pattern of green positive number with very few red numbers mixed in and trying to determine which box to choose out of the available boxes without using too many of my hits on the front end.It was done as per the instructions givenit was niceIt will be more funny and interestingits just like a mind game just one thing you have to keep it in mind don't get confusion and don't click randomly like one click to A and another click to B if you click like that means you won't get any points if you get also you will lose that very soon...so just stick with one box when you start earning plus points just keep clicking it otherwise choose other boxits niceIts very difficult to make positive points.So commit to a single box and make some points."Just clicked on both the boxes, and then saw which ones gave more positive results versus negative, and worked accordingly. "just figured out which one gave me the best results just find a box that was giving more positives and stick with itjust hit the same button the whole timejust one circleJust press aJust randomly select the box."Just stick with a box, as it had a net positive amount of points"just when positive i try that box again keep clicking and hope for the bestlimited number of click "Look and find a box with good returns, and stick with it.""Look and make a guess, use all boxes"Look and try and average which one has the better outcome. "Look at both first, then stick with the one I liked the best."Look at each box to try to find the one with the most frequent positive values.  Then start taking from that boxLook first then take."Look randomly, figure out which boxes give the most points. Get the points I want then use up clicks just looking in boxes."Look until I felt that I knew which box would pay out the bestLook until I see a box with mostly positive numbers. Then take that same box with the rest of the clicks."LOOKED AT EACH BOX AND THEN STARTED PLAYING THE LETTER WITH THE HIGHEST +.  WATCHED FOR TRENDS OF CONTINUING TO GO UP, IF IT STARTED TO TREND DOWN I TRIED THE NEXT HIGHEST BOX"looked several times in each box to determine which had more plus points than minus points then used the rest of my clicks to take from that boxlooked then took then just look when I got a lot of pointsLooked until I saw a box with a big number then just clicked only that boxlooking at the boxes to see the negative scores and trying to click when I thought it would be good"Looking in each box and deciding which box has the better values, and which one has more negative values."Looking more then taking in game 3minimize losses"Mostly, it was just to find a box that was overall positive and stick to it. Looking around for the best one didn't help much."My first box was the best so I was trying t find that one again."My first stage of my strategy was do use the look button to get an average range of the points within the boxes. Then once I had an average of the contents of the box I would chose the one that would allow me to steadily gain points even though it had a low  high  point, because then it also seemed to have a decreased negative number so I wasn't simply losing a large amount each time a negative number came up. I was planning on staying with just one box the whole time but after receiving 10+ negative numbers in a row my stubbornness took over and forced me to select the second box, which usually ended with me losing -39 points and then I would limp back to the original box. May way to skip that tactic though lol""My goal was to have a positive point total at the end of every game, so to accomplish this I tried to quickly find a box that would, on average, give out a higher average of positive than negative scores, and then stick with that one box in order to minimize the risk that would come with clicking the unknown boxes. This added up points over time even when it gave negative values, and since I got a positive number every time I think it was effective.""My most successful strategy was to determine in 5 look clicks each, which box had the better average and then to stay with that box for the remaining take clicks."my motive is to earn money "my only strategy was too keep hitting take when it was positive skip one when it was negative, after reaching a higher score just look the rest of the game ""My strategy in the game was to first look at the box which could fetch maximum positive points. Then, take the points from the box corresponding to the look box over and over again without moving onto the other boxes."My strategy was basically that I would figure which box was positive more often (giving points) and I would pretty much jut stick with that one."My strategy was just how I decribed it in my advice to another player: Spend some clicks at the beginning doing an assessment of the 2 options, then choose one and stick with it. ""My strategy was that I kept trying to determine how the trends occurred, whether it was alternating boxes, or staying with the box that kept giving out positive numbers.""My strategy was to click each of the boxes several times to start the game.  Then, choose which box to click for the rest of the game.""My strategy was to click on A, then B, evaluate which one earned more and then stick with that one side throughout the game.""My strategy was to determine which box was yielding more positive points. I chose to stick with that box. In the first game, I tried to play both boxes and lost badly."My strategy was to find a box in as few clicks as possible that started giving a positive number. I started from A and then down. I didn't feel just picking a random box would give any benefit. As soon as I thought a box would give a positive number I only clicked that box.My strategy was to find a box that had more overall positives and stay on it for a little while and then change to the other box every once in a while to avoid a negative.  I also don't think looking was all that helpful and just seemed to waste potential chances for earning.My strategy was to find the box with the most positives and the least negatives and stick to it. My strategy was to find the one box that gives out more points. I thought that would be the case but I was discouraged after the first round because I just seemed to lose points no matter what I chose. The next two rounds I decided to click a few times on each box just to see what points they offered and once I found one good source of points I stuck to it.My strategy was to look until numbers were positive and then to take. My strategy was to make a judgment about which box is better by using the least amount of looks possible. When I found out which box gave more points on average I would just take from that box for the rest of the game."My strategy was to randomly click, and hope that I will get a good number."My strategy was to randomly select the boxes and hope for the best My strategy was to start with one box and keep clicking it until I got more than two negative numbers in a row.  Then I switched to the other box and repeated."My strategy was to watch for low positive numbers and select the opposite box immediately after.  Also, when I seen a 0, I stayed in the same box for several turns."N/Aneed to check which box gives you best positive pointsnegative points followed by positive points. positive points will become negative pointsnever choose the same circle niceNilNil Nil Nil noNono idea"No particular strategy used, just analyse which side has more negative points and positive points"No real strategy. Just chose random boxes"no strategies, i click 1st point only many times""No strategies, search for a pattern of positive outcome."No strategy as I am unable to find much positive point. I clicked almost randomly.no strategy at all here its pure luckNo strategy at all.NO strategy involvedno strategy just guess and clickedno strategy whatsoever no strategy. No strategy.  There is no skill involved.  Its completely random guessing.  noneNonenoneNonenoneNot possible very toughnot sure Not to follow a same method for the whole gamenothing particular"Nothing, really. Just figured out which box SEEMED to give me more, and stuck with it. Occasionally I would try the other box."nothings special tried all time different thingsObservation of trends while clicking particular area"On the first round I clicked box A and box B each 50 times and recorded the sampling of numbers. On the next two rounds I compared the numbers I was getting to my recordings, to see if I could determine which box was the good box.""once i foud a box that seemed to have a couple green numbers in a row, I just kept pressing it."Once I found a box that kept on having positive outcomes I just kept on clicking thatOnce I found a box that was mostly positive I kept with that one and did not use the others."Once I found one that gave mostly positive numbers I stuck with it.  I always used take, never just look."Once I realized that one of the boxes paid off way more than the others it was really a hunt to figure out which was the big payer."One box seemed to give me nothing but negatives, so when I found the box that gave positives I stuck with that the rest of the game."Originally I tried to stick with certain boxes to determine averages but it seemed largely random so I stuck with random and did worse.patternnsPick a box that showed high scores when looking and just play that boxpick one box and stick to it.Picking one side Picking the best points box and only clicking on that."play with confidence and focusing on a single box or multi boxes , it will help.""Pretty much as stated as advice. I found one box that worked well and stuck with it. The next round the same box worked again. In the third round it didn't so I tried to find a new box that worked. A little too late I did find the right box, I was too negative to get out from the hole."RandomRandomrandomRandom - no discernable pattern seen.Randomly click becuase the game is impossible to win."Randomly I take the box, whichever box has + points, I would take the box again and again ignoring others."Randomly.   I saw no pattern at all.   Finally I just started staying on one side and hoping for the best. Repeated clicking on same button.Sampled the boxes a couple times then settled on a mostly positive one.See previous advice. I really wish I had done that at the beginning of the first round instead of trying to just keep it in my head.See whcih box was better then just use that oneSeeing if there was a patternseeing where points were and repeating that squaresimple clicking "Since I think it is random possibility in earning or losing point, I do not have any strategy.  When I earned many points unexpectedly, I tried to keep the points by clicking at look box.  ""Since the boxes changes randomly, i found it difficult to choose the boxes."some"Started off just trying all the boxes about 10x each, to get a feel for them. Noticed that thefirst box i tried was significantly better than the others, so just tried to find that box from then on."stay on the boxes that had the highest positive valuesstay with a box that is winningStay with same high paying box."Stayed with one box if it had more plus signs, even though there were some minus signs."staying on one side that got hotstaying with one box continuouslyStick with a box in positives until it runs out.Stick with a good earning box.STICK WITH BUTTONS THAT GAVE POSITIVEstick with one letterStick with the best seeming one and not use look.stick with the good paying box"Sticked one box that gave me points and as points in that box gradually come down, i changed to other box and then came back to same."Sticking with one box.strategystrategy to be plannedSwitch as soon as there is a losing streak. Stay with the option that consistently gives the positive returns.Switch decks when I got a 20+ scoreswitch up on the boxes every other turn"Take a few time from each box to determine if one seems to have a higher average point value, then stick to that box."Take from the same box (Box B) every single click.test boxes and keep clicking one with best numberTest each box 5-6 times and find the box that gives out the positive numbers more regularly then just keep clicking that box.Test idea of starting with small number of looks to plays and moving towards more looks than playstest ittest then dedicate to one boxTesting the waters on each side and then sticking with the same one that had the best outlooks.That is very very lowest chance to get a positive valueThe first game I had mostly negative numbers. But in the second and third game I clicked on a box a couple of times and if they were negative numbers I would try the next box. If it was positive I would stay on it as long as the positive numbers were higher than the negative numbers"The first game I had no idea what the rules were since the example did a bad job of explaining the rules of the game. The second game I was starting to understand the strategy, and by the third game I found the box that had large +numbers and a few small - numbers and then spent my remaining ~85 clicks on it.""The first game, I made a point of switching boxes every time I lost points. Then the second game I picked the same box almost every  time. I noticed better results picking one box, so the third time I only picked box A.""The first game, I tried the a lot of Look boxes to try to find the  best  circle. By the time I got to the Take circles, I hadn't figured anything out and lost many points. The second game I think malfunctioned slightly. I couldn't see my points being added or lost in the upper right corner. I could see the amount coming up in each circle, but I got a bunch that said  -NaN . The third game, I skipped the Look boxes all together and basically pressed the same circle over and over. This is the only game I earned instead of lost.""The first I randomly choose, the second and third time I tried to stick with one letter hoping that I will more positive then negativw"The first round I clicked through each box 10 times to look for a pattern. I saw one box tended to be much better so for the future games I looked for that box.the game is very interestedthe main thing is to earn points.But while play the game 1 i lost little hope because i didnt earned any pointsThe numbers seemed randomly generated as far as amount goes so I figured it was just a matter of which side had more + than minus. So I took 10 sample looks for each set before taking from whichever had the best + to - ratio.The only strategy I used was if I looked at a box and it was negative then their was a good chance that the next click on the same box will be in a positive direction. The point of the game is to get as many points as possible without losing so many points. The points that earned me the most in every clicked was remembered in the next."There was no strategy, I randomly clicked the boxes.""There was no strategy. the game didn't work and anyway, ALL THE OPTIONS LED TO FAILURE."Think before making a movethis can very interest and very difficult in the game"This game did not work out the way I wanted it to. No matter how few looks I used or how many I used, I still ended up getting more negative numbers than positive. So, I had no real strategy other than trying to keep myself out of the negative-Which didn't work at all.""This would be some sort of gambling. If you have more luck, you could win more money."Thought after negative point can earn positive point and clicked the same box again. alas.. negative score increased. To avoid losing points. To  look  and when you see a high red number you're odds of taking positive points increaed.To be as random as possible and hope that you get lucky.  I could not find any patterns in the game.To choose randomly all clicks.To choose the side with the most points on average.To earn as most points as possible. When I found a box that was giving me points I stuck with it until I received negative and then I'd switch but only for a few clicks and then I'd return to the positive boxTo figure out which box was giving higher positive points and stick with it.tO find the box that paid out the most often. I used thhe same box a few times to see which one paid out most often "To find the box that provided positive points more often than negative points, and sticking to that one."To find the most productive one and stick with it.to find the one box I felt woudl yield more positive numbersTO GET POINTSTo get the most points.  I chose one side after seeing which I was doing well with.  Then I just stuck to that side for the rest of the game.To know which box contains more pointsTo look as see if there was a string of positive or a chartable pattern.To pick one box that gives points the most and go with thatto pull only one commandTo score as much points as possible by finding a pattern which would gain me the most points.to see if there was a pattern by clicking look 5 times and counting the positive numberTo see which box had the best numbers and stick with that one.To select the box with higher points.To stay close to boxes that rewarded points.To stay with one option throughout the game"To try and finish. What the points meant for my bonus wasn't explained, so I had no incentive except to try and get the most points and hope for the best."To try to figure out the patterns.Took 5 looks of each to see which was the positive box.  Took mostly Takes from the positive box and mostly Looks from the perceived negative box.  However took some Takes from perceived negative box and took some Looks from the perceived positive box to try and avoid the negatives there.Tried a few of each box and tried to determine a trend. How large were the larger positive numbers and how often did they seem to occurTried look on all boxes. Seemed like there was only 1 box that gave a net positive so basically just tried to look for that box. If a box returned a positive then I would try my luck with it and after a couple of tries would determine if it was the right box."Tried the look buttons more than a few times, and decided on one box that seemed to give me better results and kept choosing that one box.""Tried to find patterns, couldn't. Ended up guessing a lot. "Tried to find the same box from the game before it.Trust my instinct "Try all boxes, continue with a positive box until it turns negative then move left one box doing the same."Try different boxes.  Using the same ones one after another seemed to lead me to losing more and more points."Try my luck on a few boxes until a decent positive hit was given, once that occurred, I would try that box a few times. If the positives outweighed the negatives, I stuck with that box."try to alternateTry to figure out which box will pay out the most over timetry to figure out which gives most positive numbersTry to find a pattern in the look option Try to find the best two boxes and switch between the two.try to find the one that paid the most and keep using that one and ignore the othersTRY TO GUESS THE CIRCLES WITH MORE POINTSTry to use LOOK first before selecting TAKE; then stay with that box.Trying to click on the green numbers til they turned negative.trying to determine a pattern. Did not waste time looking at boxesTrying to earn maximum points.Trying to figure out which box gives the best points on average and then stick with itTrying to find a patterntrying to find a pattern that did not exist.Trying to get the positive numbersUse all my clicks on one boxUse clicks to find the best returns and then 'take' once you found something and stick with it.use th looks n look for a patern "Use the first 15-25 clicks on one randomly chosen box, if I had a net positive score after those 15-25 clicks, I stuck with that box throughout. If they're pulling from a consistent random number generator (which my consistency among the three trials suggest that they were), then a net positive is a net positive."use the first few at look to find out what each box had for points. then i switched and did all of them with my favored boxUsed different strategies in all 3 games. I always used the Take though and never the Look.Used look first for some clicks then used take ...."Used ten clicks to look in each box. Chose the box that had the most positive outcomes, and spent the rest of the 80 clicks on that box."using all optionsvery high interest my friend 6 people play in the gameVery interestedvery interested for a game very interested play the game.very nice gamevery pleasant and funnyWas unable to figure out a strategy. More luck than skill."Well, I initially tried to figure out via the  looking  to see which boxes were profitable or if there was a pattern. I feel like there were way more negatives than positives. Then I tried random selection, I also tried as if it were a slot machine and got  hot.  None of those things worked. ""Well, I just checked every box several times and watched for how much they punished and rewarded.  I just tried to see a pattern and go between just one box, or two different boxes alternating.""Well, I tried to mix things up in round 1 and pick from both boxes about equally ... but that strategy seemed to be a spectacular failure.""Well, my strategy during the first two games was to find some type of pattern to the negative and positive numbers. It didn't work and I did poorly."What the boxes contain after the few steps of gameWhen a boxes gives some positive points i constantly clicking on that box but when the box gives some negative points I changed to other box."When I found a positive number, I tried to remember its size and where it was, especially if it was large.  When a box seemed to yield more positives than negatives, I returned there more often."When I reached required positive points I used the look buttonWhen I see the green points and positive points. I would be clicking the Take button as fast as I can to earn more points.When I start to play I check two boxes which have low negative output.Rather than earning points I tried to avoid losses.Whenever I was positive I picked the box that kept paying out the most points and I stayed with that box no matter whatyou could peak but then you didn't get points"You have to look at least 10 boxes for each, make their average and than choose only the box that gives more bonus until the end of clicks"